You're seeing a broadening beyond the
kind of core AI names. AI story is
driving a decent portion of growth.
>> The AI power and the AI infrastructure
basket still looks really really
compelling.
>> It's a vibe market and it's all driven
from settlement for the most part.
>> I think equities are are still going up
15 to 20% from where they are over the
next year. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern
>> live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Thursday, the government reopens.
So, with my signature, the federal
government will now resume normal
operations, and my administration and
our partners in Congress will continue
our work to lower the cost of living,
restore public safety, grow our economy,
and make America affordable again.
>> The president's signature ending a
record-long government shutdown. The
White House warning, you probably won't
be getting last month's data as hawkish
Fed officials are lining up to push back
against further rate cuts. that chorus
growing louder.
>> And that chorus is already very loud
considering just how much Fed speak
we've gotten yesterday, but also today
and tomorrow. What we got yesterday,
Boston Fed President uh Susan Collins,
who is a voter on the FOMC this year,
said it will likely be appropriate to
keep policy rates at the current level
for some time, emphasizing inflation. We
heard something similar from Raphael
Bostic of the Atlanta Fed, not a voter
and someone who's going to retire. But
nonetheless, there is a feeling that
maybe there is a credibility issue on
the Fed if inflation does remain above
its 2% target for an even longer time
going forward.
>> If you're looking to break the deadlock,
the gridlock on the FOMC right now, you
need the data to convert the holdouts.
And based on what we heard from the
press secretary yesterday, we're not
going to get it both CPI and payrolls
for the month of October.
>> A lot of people are looking for more
clarity on exactly what's behind that
statement by the White House uh press
secretary Caroline Levit. Some people
saying Omar Sharif for example of
inflation insights coming out last night
and saying frankly I would take the
White House's statement with a large
grain of salt. I don't know where
they're getting this information. We
need to actually hear from the Bureau of
Labor Statistics. That said, even if we
do get this data, it is going to be so
messy based on the absence of collectors
of this data in real time.
>> We've got very little experience of
handling all of this. The government
doesn't have experience handling all of
this. let them get back into the seat,
put out a schedule, work out what the
BLS is going to do over the next month
or so. Between now and then, the
president's doubling down on this
affordability push. You saw it there as
he reopens the government. We want to
make America affordable again. That's
where the focus is. The Treasury
Secretary in the last 24 hours talking
about $2,000 checks. The NEC director
coming out and discussing tariff relief.
And then Bill Porty on houses. We've
gone from 50-year mortgages to portable
mortgages. That's where the effort is
right now. If you have a mortgage rate
of 3.75%, congratulations. You can take
that with you when you go uh to move.
And basic there is a feeling you need to
reignite the housing market in order to
get the economy going. And there is
clearly a lot of uncertainty on how
exactly to do that. The cost of living
issues really front and center,
especially after the the elections. I
was going to say midterm elections, but
the mid midterm elections really put a
spotlight on that. This is going to be
the deciding factor going forward.
You're going to see more of this. The
question is what's actually going to
make it through to policy that could
potentially change market activity as
well.
>> Very close to alltime highs on the S&P
500 at the close yesterday. Four days
without losses this morning, pulling
back by about a tenth of 1%. Coming up
this hour, we'll catch up with Keith
Lerner of Truist. The stocks look to add
to four days of gains. Konahack of EDNF
man as the White House looks at tariff
relief on food and Nita Richardson of
ADP on an economy flying blind after a
month of lost data. We begin this hour
with stocks a little changed as the US
emerges from its longest ever government
shutdown. Keith Lerner of Truist
writing, "The S&P 500 bull market just
marked its third anniversary and
delivered the sixth strongest six-month
rebound in history as we enter the final
two months of the year history is on a
bull side." Keith joins us now for more.
Keith, good morning.
>> Good morning. Great to be here.
>> Great to see you. What are the tailwinds
that you're so confident about right
now? Well, I think the main thing up
front, I think this bull market deserves
the benefit of the doubt. And we have
all these carousel concerns. As one
concern recedes, we have another one to
talk about, which makes it interesting.
But the uh the north star of this bull
market has been simple. It's been
profits in our view. And those profit
trends are still moving higher forward.
12-month estimates for the S&P are
moving higher, but they're also moving
higher for the average stock. They're
moving higher for the small caps as
well. And we also have a global bull
market. It's not just the S&P. We have
90% of global markets in uptrends and
we're seeing you know the Eye make a
fresh 52- week high emerging markets
make 52- week highs and then even as we
get some jitter um some kind of
uncomfortable some headlines around the
tech trade money's not leaving it's
rotating and then lastly this morning
look at the AI
sentiment this morning it's up to 49%
bearishness that's the highest since May
and we we're still as we're talking this
morning the Dow's at an all-time high
>> I've asked this question 50 different
ways Earnings are great. Jobs data is
not. When does the jobs data start to
matter to this market?
>> It's a good question. I mean, you know,
we all talk about people talking about
the K-shaped economy. We're talking
about we talk about the twospeed economy
and the two-speed stock market. So, um,
you know, in some point, you know, you
think about it, profit margins can
benefit from wage growth slowing, but at
some point you need that consumer
spending to help the economy move
forward. So, I don't know the exact
date, but I think that's part of the
reason why you've seen more weakness in
the some of the consumer discretionary
space, the retail space, but we also
have to remember the the uh the large
cap market in particular is not driven
by the low-end consumer.
>> Well, and frankly, I mean, we've got
Kevin Gordon coming on later, and I love
his comment in a note where he said,
"We're transitioning from a vibe session
to a vibe and how there seems to be this
increasingly negative view of the
economy, but it has not translated into
what people actually do. Retail therapy
seems to be the solution to everything.
So at what point do you just ignore this
and take a look at what companies are
saying, whether it's the airlines,
whether it's the retailers, especially
on the high end, consumers are still
spending.
>> And that's that's right. And we're
seeing it still even the credit data
that we follow also. So you're right. I
mean, if you look at the headlines, look
at consumer sentiment. We just had
sentiment really just at at really low
levels. But when you test that out from
a stock market perspective, a year
later, the market tends to be up in in a
meaningful way. So, I you I don't want
to dismiss it because it is a two-tiered
um economy, two-tiered market, but big
picture, if you're investing in the S&P
500, you're investing in these tech
stocks. And as I mentioned, even
globally, we're seeing some good
activity as well. So, when that turning
point is, you know, it's hard to say,
but in the first quarter, we will see a
little bit of of a boost with some of
the tax refunds. We're going to see
maybe hopefully more clarity on the t on
the tariff side and maybe some more
incentives on the business side. So I do
think we'll see a little bit of an
uptick maybe maybe on the margin people
feel a little bit better.
>> Is it going to be inflationary? And this
is really what Fed officials are
grappling with. And honestly I don't
envy them given the fact that they are
grappling between potentially allowing
inflation to become unmed or causing
permanent scarring to the labor market.
How much can they really cut if you do
get that boost to consumption in the
early part of next year?
>> Yeah, it's a it's a good question. It's
a tricky uh situation for them. There's
a lot of these different crossings. But
I will say there are maybe you know a
little bit of an uptick because of the
AI spending because of the tariffs. But
on the other side we do have wages
cooling somewhat. We have oil prices in
this in the 60s and what we led the
program with was housing. Housing prices
are are softening as well. So that
doesn't seem to me like a runaway
inflation environment as a whole. And I
would also say you know we still think
the Fed ultimately moved towards 3% on
the Fed funds by the end of next year.
Whether they do it in December or
January I think people kind of
overfixate on that. We also have to
remember that, you know, on the way up
the economy was somewhat less interest
rate sensitive and it may be a little
bit less interest rate sensitive as they
cut. So, I don't think that's the most
important thing by far by for the
markets.
>> Do tax rebates change your outlook.
$2,000 checks.
>> You know, I I think what it does on the
margin is it lifts up maybe a slight
uptick on on on GDP. Is it a gamecher?
No. But I mean, that's one of our main
thesis as we move into next year is
getting a little bit more clarity and
having a slight uptick in the overall
economy. And you know that those tax uh
uh stimulus checks do help out on the
margin.
>> It's the focus of the White House. You
can feel the shift. It's all about
affordability right now. The president
said it almost directly yesterday
following the reopening of the
government shutdown. So when you look
out to 2026 and you've got a very
narrow, concentrated equity market and a
consumer that's been struggling and a
president determined to do something
about it going into the midterms next
year. Is that going to be the trade for
next year? Well, you know, a lot of the
question right now is do we move out of
tech? And we're still sticking with
tech. I I'm waiting for confirmation on
some of the things we look at relative
price trends, relative earning trends to
go into this broading trade. We have to
remember we came into this year and what
was the big theme? It was the broading
uh theme hasn't worked out. In fact,
part of the even the movement over the
last couple days, the rotation back
there is because they've underperformed
so much. So, the the rubber band got
stretched too much. So, I think there's
a case to be made for the broadening
story again next year because of the
uptick, because of the the Fed still
cutting rates and we've had such
outperformance by tech. But I also look
back at different cycles. I look back at
the '9s. I look back um on the 2000s and
the leaders of bull markets tend to lead
to the end. doesn't mean there's not
some, you know, intermittent um mean
reversion periods, but tech was the
leader until March of uh 2000 and
emerging markets were the leader into
2007. So, I expect even though there's
these worries and these concerns, I
think tech will ultimately still lead.
If you believe you're in a bull market,
I think ultimately tech has to
participate and likely lead even if
there's some bouts of underperformance.
>> How much is this for tech? Heads I win,
tales you lose. in the sense that either
they do really well and they continue to
boom and the Fed's cutting rates because
the rest of the world's not doing so
well and so then they continue to boom
even more because there's more cash
looking to go to work or you know the
whole world gets better and adapts to
some sort of AI paradigm and they also
benefit. So how much is that the reason
why it's sort of uh in some ways the
riskier free bet for a lot of people in
their portfolios? Well, I think what
happens with all these macro
crosscurrens, the news headlines from
day to day, you see these kind of
short-term rotations into other areas
and then when they when people feel
uncomfortable, where do they go? They go
right back to tech. So, but you rais a
good point, too. I'm one of the main
questions I'm getting today is, are we
in a tech bubble? And the other thing to
keep in mind going back with the Fed is
the Fed was raising rates in the late
90s, 2000. We're not doing that. We're
still on a trajectory of actually moving
lower. So, I think I'd like to see a
broadening. I'd like to see not a
two-speed economy. I think most of us
would like to see that as well. But I
think you're right. I think if if the
thing if things slow down, money moves
back to tech and if things if if the Fed
cuts rates, people still stick with tech
because of the finance inside and in the
secular growth.
>> If the Fed is cutting in the face of
inflation that has remained above the 2%
target for more than 5 years, does that
mean you should invest in the rest of
the world and not necessarily the US?
>> We still we we're still team USA. We've
been Team USA for a long time. I think
you know we did last fall we increased
our exposure to EM we increased our
exposure to international develop and I
think a lot of times people just think
about hey it has to be either or and I I
say there's both with a bias and our
bias is still with the US we still think
that's the innovation what we also look
at is when we look at the last decade of
international underperformance you can
overlay that with earning trends and the
earnings momentum for the US has been
stronger that whole time so what we're
looking for to really say it's time to
go even heavier into the international
markets is to see those earning trends
move up. We have seen better price
action. Valuations are cheap. Sentiment
is uh has been negative coming into this
year, but we still haven't seen the
earnings. Now, EM emerging markets is
more of a tech play relative to say the
Eye, which is more of the kind of
cyclical financials, industrials, and
things of that nature.
>> Keith, this was good. You're going to
stick with us on pleased to say. Keith
Lerner of Truistmo describing a bull
thesis ultimately for the equity market.
The things the stock market cares about
right now have been great earnings. the
things the Fed cares about haven't jobs
and that means you get the earnings, the
profits and you get the rate cuts.
>> This is really the underlying bet. I
just wonder how much the ongoing bull
market of 15 to 20% gains in 2026 for
some overlying equity indexes as we
heard from Rick Reer yesterday. How much
that is predicated on a series of rate
cuts that at least Fed officials who are
being vocal aren't necessarily fully
behind. Are people ignoring them
completely and saying 2026 is a new
story. Yeah, right. Let's see if that
actually carries through.
>> I think May 2026 might be a new story. I
think rapidly it's becoming a new story
and some people are saying watch what
they do not what they say. They're going
to talk hawkish. Then they're going to
cut and basically try to uh jaw bone the
dollar into not losing too much value.
>> Some push back going into the December
10th meeting. Equities this morning just
about unchanged with an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Let's cross over to Vonnie Quinn.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Good morning. Well, the
longest government shutdown in US
history has come to an end after
President Trump signed an interim
spending package. The 43-day shutdown
halted food aid to millions of people,
cancelled thousands of flights, and
forced federal workers to go unpaid for
more than a month. The government is now
funded through the end of January when
prospects of another shutdown fight
remain.
Well, the shutdown may be over, but the
White House is warning that October's
economic data, including key readings on
jobs and inflation, will likely never be
released. Press Secretary Caroline Levit
telling reporters that data released
will be permanently impaired, leaving
our policy makers at the Fed flying
blind at a critical period.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is
overhauling its mobile AI app to
resemble OpenAI's chat GPT. Alibaba
plans to rename the app Quen in the
coming months and add a features to
support shopping on its platforms. Sour
is telling us here at Bloomberg that the
end goal is to try and make Gwen a fully
functioning AI agent. That is your
Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Vonnie later this
hour. Up next on the program, rebooting
the government.
>> With my signature, the federal
government will now resume normal
operations. I just want to tell the
American people, you should not forget
this when we come up to midterms. That
conversation up next with Bloomberg's
Jack Fitzpatrick live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
40 points away from all-time highs at
the close yesterday. The S&P 500 this
morning just about unchanged. The bias
is still to buy on every single dip. UBS
saying policy easing, robust corporate
profits, strong AI spending, they've
been the key market drivers. should
continue to support this equity rally,
>> which is a reason why a lot of people
are expecting there's going to be a
chase into year end. Everyone who's
missed their bogey looking at the NASDAQ
up more than 21% so far year to date,
guess what? They are probably
underperforming if they have been
cautious, which means guess what?
They're probably going to go all in.
Michael Bur is sort of the the key tell.
He might be right about a bubble in two
years. But right now, we're reporting
that he has dregistered his hedge fund.
>> Interesting. Is that just crust? Well,
he was talking about his hedge fund was
dregistered according to SEC filings
because he was early to this whole trade
which is very parallel to what happened
during the 2007208.
It just highlights how if you've been
bearish well Dan Ives will tell you just
how much they have been hurting and the
reason why a lot of people are getting
scared out of those positions.
>> The earning story so far has been pretty
decent. The policy easing story getting
a little bit more complicated in the
bond market. The 2-year bond yield
higher by two basis points at the
moment. 10's up by a single basis point.
Twos around 360, 10's around 4%. Under
surveus this morning, rebooting the
government.
>> With my signature,
the federal government will now resume
normal operations. They had to do it the
hard way. And they look very bad. The
Democrats do. I just want to tell the
American people, you should not forget
this. When we come up to midterms and
other things, don't forget what they've
done to our country. We'll work on
something having to do with healthcare.
We can do a lot better. We can do great.
So, here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump officially
signing an end to the longest US
government shutdown in history. Normal
operations still potentially weeks away
as Washington now faces a six-w week
backlog. Bloomberg's Jack Fitzpatrick
joins us now for more. Jack, can you
describe what happens after the
president signs that document? What
happens next in Washington?
>> The first thing that happens is they
have to call people back to work and
they have done that. So, we need to see
how many federal workers actually show
up today. agency by agency. Uh because
this was not official until pretty late
last night. The issue with federal
workers not being paid has stretched on
for so long that again, this is agency
by agency, tough to predict, but you
certainly have a number of people
leaning on sick time or vacation time uh
to not show up when they were not being
paid to do their jobs. So, over the next
few days at least, we're going to see uh
especially at agencies like the FAA uh
and things that need to ramp up quickly,
how quickly can they get everybody back
in. Uh the official plans for agencies
to ramp up their operations call for
quick action. And it's not supposed to
take weeks uh to work through a backlog.
But the main uh impediment to getting
things moving is that you have had
people sitting at home because they were
legally not allowed to work or people
not being paid when they were working.
Uh and you get a bit of a morale issue
and people using their time off to
either work a second job or just not
show up to a job where they're not
getting paid. So by early next week, we
should know more about how agencies are
ramping things up, how much rust they
have to shake off. Uh but it certainly
does take some effort after the
president's pen hits paper.
>> One government body this market is very
focused on, Jack, is the BLS. The market
bias, I would say the bias amongst
economists, consensus, if you will. They
expected to see the September payrolls
report very quickly. Then over the next
few weeks or so, they expected to see
the October payrolls report. And there
was a question mark around CPI. Perhaps
we'd never get it. Jack, the press
secretary yesterday, October CPI and the
jobs report will likely never be
released. Jack, what do we know about
that?
That is one area where there's a lot of
latitude given to the White House. This
is a shutdown that has tested the limits
of how many decisions the executive
branch can make on its own. uh and the
details of pushing President Trump to
release BLS data uh economic data
overall was not written into this
measure to uh fund the government. The
this is an area where there's there's a
lot of latitude and there are in a legal
capacity not a lot of people pushing the
president to release more data. There
may be pressure uh to release more data.
There's a lot of interest in it. But
this is one area where over a six-w
weekek shutdown uh the president has to
make decisions and gets to make a lot of
decisions about how he manages things.
So people who are frustrated with that
in a legal sense may be out of luck
because there's no directive from
Congress uh telling him what he has to
do. Uh so we we it was surprising to
hear the breadth of what's not going to
be released from October from the White
House press secretary, but there's not a
lot of uh legal push back or recourse
for that.
>> Jack, just quickly, are you suggesting
this is a choice? They actually have a
choice to release the data or not.
>> Well, they they've raised issues with
the collection of the data. So, I'm not
saying that specifically just releasing
it is a a choice in its own because
they've got to manage employees and and
the operations of the BLS. Uh but there
this is a matter of latitude for the
executive branch where there's not a law
saying during the shutdown here's
exactly what you have to do. It's a
choice that I I think has played out
over 6 weeks uh and not just a choice on
its own uh whether to release data that
they feel is proper. the the propo the
description from the White House is they
have had issues putting this together
during the limitations they faced during
the shutdown.
>> Got it. Jack, thank you sir. Jack
Fitzpatrick down in Washington DC with
us here in New York still around the
table. Keith Lerner of Truist. Keith,
can we just go through the data? What
were you expecting to see and how
quickly were you expecting to see it?
>> I don't know that I had expectations
when it was going to come through. I
It's Listen, it's it's a cloudy period.
from our head of economics and I feel
bad for him every day even though he had
a little bit of a vacation. And for me
and for what we do, I mean, I just go
back to profits. I'm focused on what the
companies are saying, which tends to be
more forward-looking anyway. So, and we
also have to remember I'd rather have
data, but we also had jobs numbers early
this year that were revised down by, you
know, 900,000. So, um, we all want the
data. It's still the gold standard. it
makes it cloudy, but I think we still
have a enough information from these
private sources along with what
companies are telling us today to say
that the economy is still kind of
muddling along. And then we also know
some of the factors that we talked about
next year why there should be
potentially a little bit of an of an
uptick in our view. And then, you know,
we've talked a lot about the the Fed.
Maybe this clouds their decision as
well. I don't think the Fed is the most
important thing for this bull market to
continue. Um, I think it's probably more
important for the rotation trade that
the Fed continues to cut rates and and
we move towards that 3%. On the tech
side, it's not the main driver. So, you
know, all in all, we'll get through this
and and you know, three or three or four
months, we'll be talking about something
else. Maybe we'll be talking about the
midterm elections by then, which will be
coming as the main headline in 2026.
>> Well, midterm elections are going to be
determined by the economy, and the
economy has seemed increasingly divorced
from corporate earnings, which you've
talked about. At what point is that
unsustainable?
>> Yeah, I it's I mean it's going back to
what we talked about earlier. You know
the um you know I think I think
something else we have to think about
too is we we focus a lot about job
growth but we still have almost you know
somewhere around 160 million people
working. So I think what's also
important not just the monthly jobs
number is is wage growth staying above
inflation and right now it is. So if as
long as we can continue that happening
and we have those folks you know that
160 million people working the consumer
can still move forward maybe maybe not
at the pace but we still have this kind
of you know it's it's if you don't have
a job it's difficult some of the college
kids we're seeing not getting a job it's
difficult so that I think that
divergence is likely to persist
especially as you throw on AI on top of
that
>> just real quick here going forward
what's more important to hedge against
inflation or a slowdown
>> I think a slowdown I think a slowdown I
know our base case is for those reasons
that we see a little bit of an uptick
but the labor market has been somewhat
soft and I I mentioned already we are
seeing some of those other factors like
housing, oil prices are somewhat down
and even though wage growth is above
inflation, wage growth is slowing. So
you know and that can change quickly. So
I would say that the hedge against would
be the slower economy and that's why
maybe also I mean you've seen a little
bit of rotation maybe it's more specific
but some healthc care you know what I'll
be looking for too to say that the
market's actually concerned about a
slowdown would be thing like consumer
staples starting to do better. We're not
seeing that as of yet, but that's what
what we'll be watching early into the
new year.
>> Keith, thanks for being here.
>> Great to be with you
>> as always. Thank you, sir. Keith Ler
there of truest. I think that's the
debate across December 9th and December
10th for this Federal Reserve. What are
you more concerned about? Which side of
the mandate?
>> And what if the answer is yes, right?
This is sort of what we talked about
maybe 12 months ago, the idea of a
stagflationary tilt. But what happens if
you do see prices go up, particularly
tied to some of these data centers and
energy costs, albeit energy right now,
not necessarily surging when it comes to
oil prices. But these are some of the
conundrums that they're facing off with.
>> Stock so far this morning just a little
bit softer. We're down by about a tenth
of 1% on the S&P 500. Coming up next,
we'll catch up with Konahack of EDNF man
as the White House looks to cut the
price of food. Plus, Yhira has your
morning movers. Cisco rising on an
upbeat sales forecast. That name is up
by close to 7%.
[Music]
4 days no losses on the S&P 500. The
longest stretch so far this month for
November. Equities this morning down
just a touch. We're down by 0.2% on the
S&P 500. On the Nasdaq 100, negative by
close to 0.2 in the bond market. a big
focus on the front end of the yield
curve. What are they going to do at the
Federal Reserve on December 10th?
There's a massive divide right now and
the Hawks are making more and more noise
about what they're not going to do in
the middle of December. Their focus
appears to be on inflation. That's where
the urgency is for the likes of Raphael
Bostic of the Atlanta Fed.
>> Yeah, Raphael Bostic said that moving
policy, lower uh lower risks, feeding
the inflation beast and talking about
how the pre-minent concern really is is
bringing down uh the price increases
that people have experienced. We also
heard the same from Boston Fed President
Susan Collins. At what point do they
represent the mainstream and at what
point are they the fringes that will be
overwhelmed by the Steven Myers and some
of the other doves who would like to see
uh rates a whole lot lower?
>> Bonials this morning just a bit higher
by two or three basis points on 10's
close to 4.1%. Some movers this morning.
Check out Cisco. Record high back on
March 31, 2000 was $77 at the close.
Check it out in the pre-market. Here's
Yahara with more. Hey yara. Hi, John.
Yeah, we are seeing Cisco shares surging
this morning, up nearly 7% in the
pre-market after it lifted its 2026
outlook. A sign that it's making headway
in capturing more of that booming AI
spend. That's thanks to a partnership
with Nvidia. And as CEO Chuck Robbins
put it, surging demand for safe AI
networking. It now expects revenue to
hit up to $61 billion in the fiscal year
ending in July. That was above analyst
estimates. Meanwhile, moving on to
Alibaba ADRs. They are rising nearly
nearly or four and a half% in the
pre-market. Honor reporting that it's
preparing a major overhaul of its
flagship AI app. It will rename it Quen.
And the goal is to make it resemble
resemble OpenAI's Chat GPT more closely.
It also plans to load it with shopping
features tied to Alibaba's massive
e-commerce platforms as it makes a big
bet on making money off its consumerf
facing AI services. And we end on
Flutter Entertainment. It has now paired
some of its earlier losses down about
1.5% on weak results. But the real
headline is it's getting into the
red-hot predictions market trying to
compete with fast growing rivals like
Cali and Poly Market. This will also
give FanDuel a way to reach states where
sports betting isn't legal since
prediction markets fall under a
different set of federal rules. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yhara in the next hour. Honor
Ray Down this morning. The longest US
government shutdown is over. President
Donald Trump signing legislation funding
operations through the end of January.
Thousands of federal workers returning
to work today for the first time since
October 1st. Elsewhere, the White House
warning October's economic data may
never be released due to the shutdown.
Press Secretary Caroline Lever telling
reporters, quote, "Economic data release
will be permanently impaired, leaving
our policy makers at the Fed flying
blind." And finally, President Donald
Trump pushing for affordability,
signaling the White House will cut
tariffs to tackle the rising costs of
food. The administration also proposing
a $2,000 subsidy for most Americans and
portable mortgages in the mix as well.
Yeah, this is the new po push when it
comes to mortgages just simply because
the 50-year debt seem to be uh dead in
the water with a lot of the mortgage
strategists and investors that we spoke
to. At the same time, you have to wonder
$2,000 checks, portable mortgages, if
it's not portable mortgages, meaning
that you can take your 3 and a.5% rate
with you if you buy a new home. Unclear
exactly what the what the mechanism, the
legal mechanism is going to be to do
this. Nonetheless, you have to imagine
it's all leading to more stimulus, which
raises two questions. one, how much does
this affect inflation and growth? And
two, what does this do to the deficit?
And how what at what point does the
market kind of start to uh analyze this?
>> This is the framework for all of this.
Profits are right up here, earnings are
right up there, jobs growth is right
down here. And that gap in between is
where all the drama is. That's fertile
ground for populist politics over the
next 12 months or so. This is going to
be the focus not just for the
politicians in the White House, but also
on the other side of the aisle going
into the midterms,
>> which is the reason why uh when you look
at the committee for a responsible
federal budget, they immediately came
out with something saying that if you
add that $2,000 tariff relief to
individuals that could cost $600 billion
in terms of the annual fiscal deficit,
the drag on the budget. You start to add
this up and you start wondering at what
point will bond vigilantes start
screaming again? Will they reemerge?
Will this be an issue? How much will
this actually be more rhetoric than it
is actual policy? These are the things
that are going to shape early next year
and it will shape. The fiscal is always
underestimated when it comes to how much
strength it gives to the underlying
data.
>> We haven't had a responsible budget
since the '9s, have we? You know, it's
been that long. We're still waiting for
the vigilantes to bite.
>> I think that a lot of people on the
committee for a responsible federal
budget are engaging in, you know, SSRIs.
>> 10ear bond yields very, very close to 4%
this morning. Let's stick with cost and
affordability. the White House signaling
that tariff relief is coming.
>> I think that one of the things that
people have been talking about just the
last few days is um you know thinking
about changing tariffs for food stuffs
and things. Tariff policy is very
complicated and there are a lot of
things that we're studying carefully
right now in this kind of space. So,
White House officials saying the
administration may soon cut levies on
imported foods like coffee and bananas.
Konah covers commodities for EDNF man
and writes the following. Much will
depend on which origins Trump will
reduce tariffs on and by how much. Conor
joins us now for more. Conor, I imagine
the focus is on things like Brazil, like
Colombia. Is that right?
>> Correct. Yeah. So, Brazil has basically
um been slapped on with a 50% tariff
rate. Brazil accounts for 30% of all of
USA coffee imports. Another 20% comes
from the likes of Colombia where there's
a 20% uh sorry 10% tariff and another um
small percent comes from Vietnam again
about a 19% tariff. So these are huge
increases at a time when global coffee
price were already on the ascent because
of shortage globally. So yeah, the US
roster, the US coffee consumer has
definitely been feeling the brunt of
these rising prices.
>> Conor, that supply coming from those
countries. Let's take Brazil for
example. Have they found other buyers?
Surely they're not just sitting on
excess supply in a country in a economy
right now that's starved starved of
supply. Have they found extra buyers?
And what does it mean even if we do
reduce tariffs on those countries now?
>> Yeah. No. So Brazil has not been sitting
watching at the moment. There is a still
we're still in a global supply demand
deficit. So there is actually just about
a little bit more demand than there is
in global supply meaning Brazil is not
has no shortage of consumers. So Europe,
other countries, Asia have definitely
been upping their increase in terms of
Brazilian coffee. Um so anything that
they couldn't sell to the USA because of
the tariffs have definitely found homes
elsewhere.
Now the thing is when and if Brazil the
shares are lifted off from Brazil, what
happens? You know, will the the US
roster automatically start buying from
Brazil? Will there be enough left from
Brazil? This year, Brazil will have had
a very small crop. Um so, you know, it's
it's it's tricky in terms of how much
will still be available for them to buy.
Um that might lead to differentials, the
the cash price over the New York price
to have to rally in order to get that
out. New York exchange warehouse
certified stocks are at one-year lows.
So this is all stuff that um is the
reason why we saw prices go up at the
first time when back in August the those
tariffs were put in place. So yeah, we
saw a bit of a relief rally yesterday, a
5% drop in prices in in the New York
exchanges. Um, and I think from here
there's going to be some potential
relief, but I think before you know it,
there's going to be you're going to run
into some resistance because you're
ultimately there isn't enough coffee to
go around. We kind of need a big crop
out of Brazil, hopefully next year,
before we can start seeing more
sustainable supply comforts.
>> This is not the conversation we want to
be having at 6:37 a.m. in New York. the
idea that coffee is in short supply and
you won't be able to get some. So, good
luck. I just wonder how much uh some of
the producers are incentivized to
actually produce more versus just say,
"Look, there was a structural issue.
Then tariffs came on. We've got to jack
up prices a lot and guess what? You need
your coffee hit, so you're going to have
to pay it."
So, the US roster um they've been lucky
in the sense that they found a very
resilient consumer. US consumers have
not necessarily been cutting back um
coffee consumption. they've been trading
down from out of host out of home
consumption to at home consumption and
within that that in-home consumption
moved away from the higher quality
coffees to maybe the private labels for
example. So a ship from Arabic busters
so you're seeing all of those kind of
trailing downs but the price elasticity
has um of consumption has actually been
pretty strong. Um the question is
margins get squeezed if they are those
US roers are trying to pass on the
tariff costs how much more can they
continue to pass on to the consumer yes
they've been resilient but at some point
they want to make sure that they have
market share amongst other product
products on the on the supermarket shelf
right so it is it is it is it's been a
tough time for them and you just have to
look at um some of the big roasters the
listed companies out there they've not
performed very well so um I I think the
relief will start to come. Um, globally,
we have had a shortage. There's been
multiple droughts in Brazil. Vietnam is
on the cusp of a pretty big crop. So,
that should provide some robust um
variety relief there. Um, but
ultimately, we need continuous good crop
after good crop for us to come out of
this multi-year deficit. Aside from just
coffee, more broadly in the agricultural
space, how much have the price increases
of late been tied to tariffs versus some
of these uh environmental disruptions
and other exogenous events,
exogynous events, the supply demand for
fundamentals um have definitely been the
biggest driver, but the tariffs have not
helped because it just adds another
layer of uncertainty. it cause the
scramble for when you have one of the
biggest producers suddenly um kind of
out of action because of this tariff.
Then they start looking for other
origins where they can get hold of it.
So you're you know you're scrambling for
where whichever origin you can get hold
of your food stuff from and that
inevitably causes price increases. So
you've definitely seen a bit of that.
Initially the price transfer down to the
um chain was was not as strong because
they used stocks that was um built up
before the tariffs came along. But as
those stocks started dry up then
inevitably um there was questions of
okay do we pass that cost on or do we
keep some margin or do we um squeeze our
margins? Those are the kind of questions
which might have protected the consumer
a little bit but there's only so much
time you can do that before things start
getting really really testy and I think
these tariff reduction talks are coming
at a very good time.
>> Kona thanks for the update. I think a
lot of people waking up this morning
agree with you Ka Hack there of EDNF man
just getting some numbers from the Walt
Disney Company just crossing moments
ago. Disney fourth quarter adjusted EPS
coming in at 111 the estimate $17.
Disney seeing double digit adjusted EPS
growth for 2026. The stock is down by a
little more than 2% briefly. Negative
territory so far this morning off the
back of these results. The focus Lisa
appears to be on expenses.
>> Yeah, the fact that it really has picked
up and that quarterly revenue has been
flat, operating income actually
dropping. So definitely trying to look
forward and saying that yes, we are
going to see uh exponential growth. But
when you look into the numbers, there
were a lot of disappointments when it
comes to entertainment, when it comes to
even sports uh revenues. And those are
some of the details that people are
going to be looking for when they parse
through the earnings and listen to the
uh uh earnings call.
>> The stock is down this morning in the
pre-market by 2.5%. We'll come back to
those numbers a little bit later. Let's
get you an update on news worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonnie
Quinn with more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. Ukrainian President
Vladimir Zalinsky says his country's
survival depends on fresh funding from
allies. Silinski implored EU leaders to
work through divisions on the use of
frozen Russian assets.
>> We need their support and if I hope God
bless we will get this decision but they
will not have this decision. Of course
we together will find our we have to
find a question of our surviving that's
why we need it very much.
>> The EU has postponed a decision on
tapping into Russian assets until
December.
The International Energy Agency or IEA
has increased its estimates for a record
global oil surplus next year. The agency
expects that world oil supplies will
exceed demand in 2026 by just more than
4 million barrels a day, saying global
balances are looking increasingly
lopsided due to rising oil supply and
relatively modest growth in demand.
For the first time in 168 years, the US
is officially retiring a coin. The US
stamped the final set of pennies at the
Philadelphia Mint on Wednesday, marking
an end of the production of the smallest
denomination of US currency. This all
after President Trump ordered its
discontinuation. Don't worry if you find
pennies lying around. It remains legal
tender and apparently over 300 billion
remain in circulation. If I'm not wrong,
that's $3 billion worth. That's your
room brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. Thanks for that. Up
next on a program, the Federal Reserve
flying blind. All of that economic data
released will be permanently impaired,
leaving our policy makers at the Fed
flying blind at a critical period. A
conversation up next with Nita
Richardson of ADP live from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
Disney in focus this morning. That stock
is down by close to 3% in the pre-market
earnings out just moments ago. EPS
coming in at 111 the estimate 107. The
company reiterating double digit
adjusted EPS growth for 2026.
But two points of focus I think at the
moment Bremo. One is expenses and for
you for growth. Yeah, the question of
revenue coming in light and this is
really the issue. Yes, some of the
movies that they invested in were
expensive. Even the parks and the
entertainment section which really has
been the bright spot for them. They need
to put a lot of money into these
sectors. At the same time, the revenue
from things like Avatar, the latest
Avatar movie, just haven't come in as
strong as people expected. So, a real
question for Bob Iger. Exactly. How do
you position to grow and increase your
revenues at a time in a very competitive
market given the fact that you do need
to spend so much on capex? you do need
to spend so much on creating creatures
from another planet.
>> We're down by more than 3% in the
pre-market this morning on that name.
The broader stock market down by about
0.2% on the S&P 500. The NASDAQ down by
a similar amount. And the Savannah this
morning, the Federal Reserve flying
blind.
>> The Democrats may have permanently
damaged the Federal statistical system
with October CPI and jobs reports likely
never being released. And all of that
economic data released will be
permanently impaired, leaving our policy
makers at the Fed flying blind at a
critical period. So, here's the latest
this morning. The White House warning
October's official read on inflation and
the labor market may never be released.
Nita Richardson of ADP writing, "Data
suggests the labor market struggle to
produce jobs consistently during the
second half of October." Nita joins us
now for more. Nita, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Let's just start the economic data, the
official economic data. But then we want
to dig into what you're seeing and your
data points. What's your understanding
of what we will and won't get and how
quickly we'll get it in the coming weeks
and months.
>> Well, it what it sounds like is it's
going to take the gears of the data
producing machine at the BLS and other
agencies a little while to get going
again. And that's to be expected after
such a long shutdown. Um the definitive
uh question is will we get October data?
It sounds like there's some suspicion
around that. But also, will we get
consistent revisions for September,
which we've seen that those revisions,
the second print, the third print, are
actually more accurate in terms of the
status of the labor market. So, it's not
just the October first print we'll miss.
We'll miss the revisions along the way.
And if November is the first time we get
an official record from the government,
that is a cloud of uncertainty that we
are not used to seeing this far into the
the the year. And and let me just close
with this. That retail sector, 20% of
the revenues for retail is during this
holiday season. So that jobs market,
those seasonal hires are very important
in setting the tone not only for the
holiday season where a lot of uh stores
are going to get their revenue, but all
the way into the first quarter of 2026.
>> Have you got a real-time look at what's
happening in that sector at the moment?
Yeah, we're we're looking at it closely
and we've seen that there is uh
strength. In fact, in our monthly
national employment report, we actually
saw that retail and trade did produce a
lot of jobs in the month of October.
Now, since that time, we've rolled out a
new weekly index which is much more
timely. The data much more volatile and
preliminary, but it does suggest that
the slavery market is still struggling
to keep pace with even a low bar of job
gain. So, we saw a decline, a cooling in
the second half of October. We're going
to keep watching that. We'll put out new
numbers in on Tuesday, but yeah, we
can't, it's not a foregone conclusion
that the labor market is in balance. In
fact, it seems to be struggling on the
weight of receding consumer demand.
>> How much are you getting requests to
sort of extrapolate out what the
non-farm payrolls would be in the
absence of any data? Right. How much do
you see some correlation to the ADP
series to what non-front payrolls would
or should have been?
>> Well, we were able to do this and we we
put out a paper actually in in
collaboration with our collaborators at
Stanford University showing that for the
first half of the year the ADP numbers
and the BLS estimates were within a few
thousand of each other. Now, we were
able to do that because we had all of
the revisions from BLS for those first
that first quarter. We can't do that
until we get those revisions for the
second half. But this year they've been
closely aligned. In fact, if you look
back over the last year, uh these
numbers, uh where the BLS estimate ends
up after their third print and ADP's
first print are very closely aligned.
And so I think what our data suggests is
the direction and the trend of where uh
actual employment will end up. It also
suggests that unemployment rates are
going up if the job market and job
creation isn't keeping pace. And I just
wonder how sustainable that is with the
economy growing at the pace that so many
people think.
>> Lisa, that is a key question that'll
keep economists up all night long. It is
what is the new break even? Because even
as we're seeing a softening in demand
perhaps from the employer, we're also
seeing a reduction in supply. not just
uh lowering of uh immigration but also
the aging of the US workforce. So put
those two together, it may mean that we
don't need as many jobs created every
month uh to keep pace with uh the
current level of unemployment. I think
this is a moving target. Um I don't
think it's like a unicorn in the forest.
you're not going to be able to capture
the break even rate because so many
things are changing not just
demographics but AI is also having an
impact even in early career which we've
shown before. So putting all these mega
trends together, it's going to be hard
to capture what is the right number of
jobs, right? Uh to keep unemployment
low.
>> So the Fed is guessing from meeting to
meeting and they've got to take another
guess on December 10th. How difficult is
that decision a month from now?
>> You know, I wouldn't call it a guess. I
I do think they have information, they
have some data points. Uh they are
looking at private data just like other
economists are. They have anecdotal
data. But yes, they have to take a
reasonable approach at a very difficult
time between two pieces of their
mandate. They I think there's some
confidence that inflation is above their
target.
>> Yeah.
>> And there is some confidence that hiring
has slowed tremendously since the
beginning of the year and then it's just
a matter of perspective and I guess
that's where you you punt a little bit.
>> How confident are they that we've slowed
below the break even rate? I don't think
there's any confidence of what that rate
will be going forward and even as as
soon as we find that rate it's likely to
change because it's so much structural
change in the economy right now there in
my view uh that break even rate is more
mythical than it even usually is.
>> When we get to December 10th that
afternoon and we get that statement
where do you see the committee
ultimately leaning going into year end?
I the from what we've heard so far there
seems to be a slight tilt towards a
weakening labor market but they'll have
November data in hand from the BLS and
so that view could shift a little bit uh
in a different direction they also will
have I believe um some more indication
of where uh inflation is going even if
it's anecdotal. So they'll have to like
cobble together a bunch of puzzle pieces
and uh see which way to tilt. And I
think what we'll see is a lot of
divergence in that view.
>> Will faster growth early next year
create more jobs?
>> You're assuming faster growth. And so in
that question, yes, I think faster
growth will create more jobs, but it
depends on what growth that sector is
coming from. Remember, uh the consumer
has been resilient because the consumer
has been employed. And so there has been
this virtuous cycle that has led to US
exceptionalism. If there are any cracks
in that, including cracks for
low-skilled, low-paid workers, which are
powering things like restaurants, um I
was just at a a major restaurant
convention, and they're worried about
consumer demand. So if that consumer
demand doesn't show up in certain key
areas of the of the uh labor market,
it's going to have a a a hampering
effect on economic growth overall. Can
the labor market recover without the
housing market?
>> It has. I mean, the the housing market
has been sidelined for a while. This is
not new. This is decades long. House
prices are too high. Housing is un is
unaffordable in key parts of the
country. It used to be an east coast,
west coast housing uh affordability
crisis. It's now even in the middle of
the country. And so housing hasn't been
a propeller of the labor market for
quite some time. In fact, it's been
replaced by hybrid and remote work,
which allows people to live further away
from their jobs. So, what's interesting
to me is how housing can be reconceived
in this new economy. We can't go back
15, 20 years ago when housing led to
dynamism. In fact, housing is actually
uh second to new work structures like
hybrid work.
>> Nita, always good to catch up. Thanks
for being here. Nita Richardson there of
ADP. We're light on data at the moment.
Next week on Tuesday you'll get Home
Depot the day after Target the day after
Walmart. Retail in focus next week. Up
next we'll catch up with Eric Johnson of
Canford Gerald Eric and Ajaran of UBS
Bloomberg's Gita Raganathan and
Christina Campman of Invesco.
[Music]
You're seeing a broadening beyond the
kind of core AI names.
>> AI story is driving a decent portion of
growth.
>> The AI power and the AI infrastructure
basket still looks really really
compelling.
>> It's a vibe market and it's all driven
from settlement for the most part.
>> I think equities are are still going up
15 to 20% from where they are over the
next year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance charts right now
and your scores look like this. 40
points away from all-time highs at a
close on the S&P 500 in yesterday's
session. This morning we pulled back by
a tenth of 1%. Likewise on the NASDAQ in
the bond market. Bond yields at the
front end of the curve in focus. Big
debate at the Federal Reserve about what
they're going to do next. Yields up by
two basis points. 358.889.
Later on today, more Fed speak. More Fed
speak going into the weekend. But next
week, yes, we'll talk about Nvidia. Of
course we will. But a bigger focus now
on Retail America. Home Depot Tuesday.
On Wednesday, we'll hear from Target. On
Walmart, we'll hear from them on
Thursday. They're going to be the big
three for next week.
>> How much are they able to pass prices
along? How much are they seeing a
consumer that very much is in the
decline? And how much does that feed
into the perceptions of some of the Fed
speakers today, which include San
Francisco Fed President Mary Dailyaly,
Minneapolis Fed President Neil Kashkari,
St. Louis Fed President Alberto Muslim,
and Cleveland Fed President Beth Pame.
Look, going forward, this is the
conundrum. Is it the slowdown or is it
the inflation story? Which is the Fed
going to pick and ultimately retailers
might hold the cake.
>> The White House is very focused on
affordability. Just piece by piece in
the last 24 hours. $2,000 checks, tariff
relief, portable mortgages, it's
building into something bigger and
bigger into next year.
>> The vibes aren't good, right? You could
say that people are spending and maybe
it's because the upper income uh
echelons are especially with some of
their stock gains that they've gotten so
far this year. But people are not
feeling great. And we see that from
survey after survey and it's feeding
into the political cycle. So does this
mean that early next year we're going to
get some policy prescription that
potentially could offer a boost to
growth? It seems to be one of the base
cases for so many bulls who come on the
show next year. Watch fiscal stimulus
and guess what? We're going to play into
it and ride the wave.
>> It's got to be a consideration for the
committee of the Federal Reserve when
they meet on December 9th and December
10th. So far this morning, four days
without losses on the S&P 500 coming
into Thursday morning. This morning
we're down by about 0.15% on the S&P.
Coming up on the program we'll catch up
with Eric Johnson of Cat Fitzgerald as
investor optimism returns. Eric Ajarn of
UBS with President Trump tightening ties
with Wall Street and Christina Cman of
Invesco as the Fed looks to emerge from
the shutdown fog. We begin this hour
with stocks little changed. Eric
Johnston of Fitzgerald seeing the S&P
500 hitting 7K before year end. He
writes sales growth and accelerating
margins are expanding. forward earnings
estimates are rising and rising
meaningfully. Eric joins us now for
more. Eric, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Is that a recipe for a mup into year
end?
>> I think it is. I mean, the seasonal
trends, you know, are are quite strong
this year, especially when you've had a
strong market um into sort of November.
November and December have historically
been been quite strong and in particular
during the seasonally weak period of,
you know, July through October when
that's strong. Uh the market's done very
well in the last two months of the year
and as you said the earnings tailwinds
are significant. Um you had sales growth
uh this quarter of 8%. Which is a pretty
staggering number when you're not coming
out of a recession. Um and margins are
expanding so you're getting you know
this mid- teens earnings growth. Um a
lot of it is of course highly correlated
to this capex buildout uh which we can
talk about but um but that earnings
power is is very strong. Um so I think
things look uh look good into into your
end.
>> Well let's talk about it. How
concentrated is it in one theme one
sector and next week Nvidia in one name.
>> Yes. So it's very concentrated. So it
goes beyond you know the top 10% or you
know 42% of the index the top 10 names
in the S&P 500 but it goes well beyond
that. If you think about, you know, some
of the power names, um, if you think
about Caterpillar, um, right? Names that
aren't necessarily technology names, but
are still their earnings are still
highly correlated to this big capex
buildout. And so that correlation, um,
you know, the S&P 500, we've been
saying, is no longer a diversified
equity index. So, you have to kind of
know what you own. And it's become much
more sort of single stockish and with
that you have higher risk and then you
also have higher potential return. But I
think understanding what you own is
super important because that correlation
to this capex buildout um is super high.
>> How high risk is this when you have a
Fed that's underwriting this? So I think
you know one of the things that we've
been saying is that we think inflation
is going to stay sort of persistent um
because you have a Fed that is you know
lowering rates and a new Fed chair
that's coming in that we think is going
to you know continue uh fairly
aggressively um to lower the rate
outlook. So that should be good for risk
assets. Um if you see a 2 and a half to
3% type inflation rate um and you don't
have a Fed fighting it, uh that should
be very positive for for risk assets and
margins.
>> It's something that you said in your
recent notes that the Fed has given up
on their 2% inflation target. How much
do you think that that bet is
underpinning the risk rally that we've
seen so far and a lot of people's
bullish sentiment?
>> So I think it's pretty a big part of it.
Um, you know, historically the Fed has
been uh targeting average inflation,
which means, you know, you go from if
you go 2 1/2%, they're okay with 1.5%.
If you think about since, you know,
2021, um, we've had 5 years above 2%
inflation, and some of those years were,
you know, 8 9%. So, if you look at a
trend chart of just absolute prices,
we're about 25%
above trend. And so the fact that they
are now cutting in the face of 25% above
trend um is good for risk assets um
unfortunately it's very bad right for
the majority of consumers um who are not
necessarily benefiting from asset prices
but are paying the price of higher goods
and we're seeing that showing up in
elections and and so forth and the
affordab affordability issue that you um
you know just just mentioned and so even
if you come back to two and a half or
two and a quarter or 2% you're still so
far above that uh that rate for risk
assets it's positive.
>> We hear this phrase that I think just
sounds foreign to mainstream America
which is inflation expectations are
anchored
>> right
>> do you see inflation expectations being
anchored right now?
>> Uh no I mean I think that you know the
consumers have now become sort of
accustomed to it because now we're going
on we're going on five years. Um I don't
think that you know consumers are seeing
inflation accelerating but the current
pace enough is something that is you
know is is troubling um and something
that is likely cons you know concerning
to most consumers.
>> Why are you bullish then on bonds? I
mean if this is the case why wouldn't
you be bearish or is this just a bet
that there's going to be some sort of
yield curve control?
>> So it's it's the latter. So if you I
think you know one of the backdrop for
for labor market is definitely you know
part of the view which is that I think
labor is going to struggle um for for
some period of time. Part of it is is
the supply issue. Part of it is um you
know companies cutting costs for
margins. But part of it also is this AI
backdrop where even though a company may
not be impacted today by uh by AI. They
can see out one to two years and are not
necessarily making hires today that they
think they may need to be replacing one
to two years from now. But then you
combine that with um the new Fed share.
So we'll likely get the announcement
within the next probably within the next
month. And we think that they're going
to aggressively lower the Fed funds
rate. Maybe it's 3%, maybe it's 2 and
3/4%. and then in addition QE and then
the Treasury once those once that Fed
funds rate is lowered moving the
issuance to the front end which should
also help the deficit to GDP ratio. So,
we think there's a number of factors
that are going to bring the whole curve
down. And when we talk about afford
Sorry,
>> no, no, this this is the issue. I mean,
honestly, a lot of people were pointing
to the New York Fed conference yesterday
and some of the commentary about how
they might have to start buying assets
soon. To your point, it seems like this
is very much on track. I just wonder why
then we've seen a firming up of the
dollar, right? Why this hasn't been
expressed more in bearish dollar bets
and frankly more bullish ones in gold.
>> Yes. So I think you know as far as the
dollar goes there's been some demand
elements that are you know related to
you know stable coins for for example um
and I think it's also just relative to
what we're seeing in the rest of the
world and you're seeing you know capital
flows come into the into the US a lot of
it is you know AI related if you think
about um who are the AI winners across
the globe the US is you know the major
winner it's it's really the US and It's
China and I think you're seeing the
capital flows, you know, into into the
US which has helped the dollar.
>> What do you think will be the dominant
force next year? Capital flows or just
the concept of fiscal dominance gripping
everyone and just a hard sell on the US
dollar?
>> Yeah, I think it's it's going to be um
it's going to be a battle. Um I think a
lot of it is going to be related to does
this capex cycle um continue? We think
it we think it does. We don't think it's
going to be a straight line. We think
there's going to be scares um and there
will be things that pop up that we are
currently unaware of that might uh that
won't make it a straight line, but we
think ultimately that that cycle, you
know, does continue. And when we think
about, you know, the fiscal um backing,
you know, you're going to get refund
checks that are going to be fairly high
in the first quarter, um the $2,000 that
was just uh you know, just mentioned
likely is is coming. So, there's going
to be a fair amount of fiscal forces and
I think that there's a, you know, put
that is out there that if things start
to weaken,
maybe there's a second check of $2,000
and and there could be more.
>> You think we're going back to that?
>> I do. Yeah. I think that there is going
to I think there's this um there's going
to be this backdrop of stimulus that is
going to support weakness that we see um
any weakness that we see in the in the
economy. I'm pleased you and the team
are thinking about the balance sheet
more at the Federal Reserve because I've
been surprised how absent that has been
from the conversation around the race to
replace Fed chair J Pal. When you speak
to clients, are they engaging in a way
that tells you they're at least thinking
about it, leaning into that story for
next year?
>> Yes, people are starting to think about
QE more. Um, you know, John Williams uh
talked about uh you know, not
necessarily QE, but starting to
potentially expand um you know, the
balance sheet. Um, but I do think that
it's going to come more into the
dialogue in in 26 that QE is likely
coming and trying to get and think about
housing affordability. Um, there's
that's been in the news, you know,
recently in terms of different ideas
coming out of uh of the White House.
Well, one of the biggest costs is your
mortgage rate. And so getting those
yield those long yields lower, I think
is going to be super important. Um, you
know, from the White House's
perspective,
>> if you've been out of the market for a
while and you came back and I said,
"Welcome back. I'll tell you where GDP
is." And the unemployment rate, GDP is
tracking somewhere close to three.
Unemployment's somewhere in the low
fours. And by the way, there's a
conversation about the Fed doing QE next
year and the White House sending out
$2,000 checks. I know it's far more
nuance than those headline numbers
because of the disparity beneath that,
but it's kind of amazing that that's
where we are into 26. And if you look at
where yields are on the 10-year, on the
30-year, you can be pretty surprised
given the fact that inflation is where
it is and you're talking about this kind
of backdrop, it raises a question how
they're going to message it. And
yesterday at that New York Fed
conference, Roberto Pearly, who runs the
system open market account, came out and
said, "Well, it looks like things are
getting a little funky when it comes to
some of the liquidity in markets. So, we
might have to start buying assets
again." How much is going to be a
liquidity story versus one of outright
stimulus? How much is it balance sheet
management versus outright QE? Watch the
language. Watch the rhetoric and then
watch what actually happens.
>> Eric, it's good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. We'll do it again soon.
Some interesting calls. Thank you, sir.
Eric Johnson there of Caner Fitzgerald.
Let's give an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Vonyie Quinn. Hey, Vonnie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. Disney share is
falling after reporting sales for the
fourth quarter that came in short of
expectations. Disney's first quarter
outlook for operating income, also
missing estimates as they expect a slate
of big budget films, including a new
Avatar picture, will reduce earnings by
$400 million. Be sure to tune in to
Bloomberg's Open Interest at 9:00 a.m.
Eastern to hear Disney CFO Hugh Johnston
break down the latest results.
The longest government shutdown in US
history may be over, but the White House
is warning that October's economic data,
including key readings on jobs and
inflation, likely never to be released.
Press Secretary Caroline Lemon telling
reporters that data released will be
permanently impaired, leaving our policy
makers at the Fed flying blind at a
critical period.
UK economic growth virtually grinding to
a halt in the third quarter with GDP
rising just onetenth of 1% compared with
3/10en of a percent in Q2. Modest growth
in services in September were offset by
a sharp decline in manufacturing found
weaker against the dollar on the back of
that data. And that's your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> and Vonnie, thank you. More from Vonyie
in about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program breaking new ground. I have with
us not only the great political leaders,
but the great business leaders of our
country. They're standing right behind
me today. We had the highest stock
market price ever in all of the
different markets. We're going to break
new ground.
>> That conversation I'm next with Eric
Ajarn of UBS live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
live from New York City. Welcome to the
program. Equity futures pulling back by
0.2% slightly softer on the NASDAQ 100.
We're down by 21 and Sylvanas this
morning breaking new ground.
I have with us not only the great
political leaders but the great business
leaders of our country. They're standing
right behind me and right really
alongside of me. And if we would have
told them a year ago that we'd be having
stock prices this high, none of them
would have believed it. Today we had the
highest stock market price ever in all
of the different markets. We're going to
break new ground.
>> Just short of alltime highs at a close
in yesterday's session. and President
Trump forging stronger ties with Wall
Street, hosting top business executives
at the White House. According to the
Financial Times, Citadel founder Ken
Griffin joining the dinner alongside
CEOs including JP Morgan's Jamie Diamond
Bloomberg's Jack Fit Patrick joins us
now for more. Jack, do we know what they
discussed yesterday evening?
Not exactly. No, they they never
announced the White House never
announced exactly what the agenda was.
uh never gave a readout and late before
the dinner uh decided to not let cameras
in for that brief first look. So this
did turn out to be somewhat of a a
private event. Uh there was the
discussion openly about it afterwards
from the president and it is in a
broader context of President Trump
wanting to spotlight his focus on the
economy. He understands that there are
concerns about affordability, concerns
about jobs, and as we get towards a
midterm election next year in 2026 and
an increasing focus on politics, he
knows that he wants to sell the American
people on stock market wins and what
he's done for the economy. You you heard
a little bit about that uh in the
discussions about $2,000 stimulus check,
which is not something he has gotten
Congress to work on. Uh so there's
there's a broader context here to
consider, but no, on the specifics,
they've been fairly tight-lipped. Uh and
whether it was largely uh a matter of um
I I wouldn't call it a publicity stump
because they didn't push for a matter a
lot of publicity. Uh but this was this
was something that the White House did
not share a lot of details on. Uh
despite the fact that they want to put a
spotlight on the president's focus on
the economy.
>> Jack, thank you, sir. Jack Fitpatrick
down in Washington DC. Let's stick on
banks. The Trump administration working
towards deeper changes in banking
regulations. Erica Njarian of UBS saying
the scope and speed of regulatory reform
appears underappreciated. Erica joins us
now for more. Erica, good morning.
>> Morning.
>> What do you think we are
underappreciating right now?
>> So, I think for the first time, this
didn't happen in the first Trump
administration. This administration is
actually untangling all the regulations
that have been a web and that have been
that has been trapping capital. So for
example in Trump 1.0 they really just
focused on the regional banks. They did
not unleash the trillionaire's balance
sheet so to speak. And the way post
global financial crisis regulations were
really built is they had all these back
stops. Okay, you look good on capital
against risked assets. or have a backs
stop to have capital against unrisk
weighted assets. And so what they're
doing is they're saying okay here are
all the the blocks all the traps for
capital whether it's a stress test. It's
the leverage ratio or you know the GIB
sir charge which is essentially a sir
charge that um punishes banks for being
big. So if you're serving a growing
economy your capital charge could
actually grow in perpetuity. So what
they're saying is let's adjust that and
it makes sense if the economy is going
to be obviously a big focus especially
going into 2026. You need bank balance
sheets for that.
>> It raises this question. What will the
banks do with the extra leeway to lend?
>> Yeah. So that is a good question and
they all actually have different um ways
to deploy it. Right. So, for example, um
we just heard from Bank of America and
Bank of America is going to deploy that
capital to, you know, rebuild a card
business or, you know, reacelerate a
card business and pay more attention to,
you know, their mass affluent business
in Mel. Um, you have companies like
Wells Fargo who are unshackled and are
going to get bigger in terms of capital
markets and get even bigger in corporate
lending, right? And so there's different
parts of it that's for the consumer and
there's different parts of it for Main
Street businesses and Wall Street. I
guess that what I'm trying to get at is
if this dinner and we don't know what
exactly was discussed in this dinner,
but let's say it was about affordability
and it was about the state of the
economy, how much do the largest banks
still extend a significant part of the
credit to the lower tiers of the economy
to sort of this broader area that
actually has been the ones that have
been experiencing the pain?
>> That's a really good question. Look, the
mortgage train had left pretty much a
decade ago, right? I mean, the global
financial crisis plus DoddFrank
essentially disincentivized banks from
being a big part of the mortgage
business. What do they have on their
balance sheets? Jumbo mortgages, right?
Mortgages that have adjustable rates.
So, you know, you really need um you
know, affordability is about having more
supply. Affordability is about what the
ultimate long-term solution is for Fanny
and Freddy, right? Affordability is
going to be about is there going to be,
you know, a reopening of a private MBS
market like we did, you know, preGFC.
The banks want nothing to do with it.
Not because they don't want to service
their customers, but because DoddFrank
had codified how difficult it is uh you
know to essentially originate a mortgage
for the regular American.
>> There's another piece of the story with
banks that I think we need to talk about
more and it speaks to the social tension
in the labor market at the moment. In an
ideal world, they'd be hiring
aggressively in a growing economy. What
we've heard from Brian Moahan of Bank of
America and Jamie Diamond of JP Morgan
recently is their ability to generate
more and more revenue from each
employee. What's your take on that?
What's that going to look like in
several years time in a financial
industry? So, I've been in the business
for almost 25 years and I feel like I
never worked under um a Wall Street
where more with less wasn't wasn't the
rule of thumb, right? So I never was
there during the boom boom years but
look I mean if you think about what AI
can do in terms of helping our junior
staff be more efficient and then they
can convert their time into you know
something more clientf facing and more
sort of thought producing rather than
wrote I mean it's pretty awesome right
and so like as opposed to like
physically going through transcripts all
of a sudden you could be like okay what
did Bank of America say over the past
like 24 quarters and put it all down. I
think that's pretty cool. And look, I
mean, there is always going to be a war
for top talent. I think there was a Wall
Street Journal front page article maybe
in September about the war for talent.
And the same is kind of happening with
commercial bankers, for example.
>> Is this the next leg though of the AI
trade? Because the focus has been almost
exclusively over the runup to this year
at least on the enablers, so the chips,
the Nvidia of this world. Is this going
to be the next leg of the trade?
financial services a bigger focus on
that?
>> I'm not sure because actually that's a
great question. We did sit down with JP
Morgan's um chief data and analytics
officer and our sense is that AI is
going to have more revenue impact than
we think. So perhaps that's really the
angle rather than cost because you will
need to put in some cost for en to
enable um you know the power of AI
within a regulated industry.
Erica, it's good to see you. Thanks for
being here.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks for dropping by. Eric and Ajarn
there of UBS on the banks. Focus on the
revenue they can generate in the years
to come.
>> Yeah. And maybe also compared to the
headcount and how the headcount is not
growing. Look, Erica put it well. They
always have been looked looking to do
more with less is the capability now to
do so much more with significantly less.
And I think that that's what people are
focused on focused on. This is a seismic
shift in terms of the capabilities
potentially and what we can actually do
with that remains to be seen. There are
so many economic bets hinged on that. A
lot of valuation ones too.
>> That's the story of the executives want
to sell us at least at the moment from
Bank of America last week and JP Morgan
as well going forward. Some of those
names have had a really great year
through 2025. That's not what it felt
like in early April, is it? We're in a
very different place in the last seven
months. Things have changed rapidly.
>> Yeah. And it lasted for what about three
weeks and then suddenly the vengeance of
buying not even right I mean and then
the buying just absolutely surged. It's
interesting that we're talking about the
likes of Cisco almost reaching the
record high that it last reached in 2000
and this is because it's refabricating
itself as an AI company. So it
highlights how this really is the
buzzword on both a thematic as well as a
valuation standpoint.
>> Talk about lost decades.
decades
>> end of March in the year 2000. $77 a
share at the close and it's taken us
>> all these years to get back to those
levels. Amazing. Coming up on the
program, Bloomberg's Gita Raganathan
with Disney sales falling short of Wall
Street estimates. Plus, Yihara has some
morning movers. Dollar Tree in focus.
That name down 3%.
[Music]
No real drama so far this morning.
Pulling back by just 0.16% on the S&P
500. On the NASDAQ 100 down by2 some
underperformance on a small caps the
Russell lighter softer and negative down
by 0.4. Switch on the board and get to
the bond market. Twos 10 and 30s shaping
up as follows. This is your yield curve
so far this morning. Two-year bond you
tie by two basis points. Likewise on
10s, your 10 year this morning 4.09%.
That's the setup this morning across
stocks and bonds. Let's get you some
single names, some morning movers.
Here's Yahara with more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. Disney is bracing for a pricey
start to the year and that is hitting
the stock this morning. Shares are down
3 and 3/4%. The studio is spending big
on blockbusters like Zootopia 2 and its
latest Avatar and that is expected to
weigh on first quarter results. did see
some bright spots, for example, in its
parks and cruise division. Those are
performing well. Plus, it did say that
earnings are expected to grow in the
double digits later that next year, but
that not enough to impress investors
this morning. Meanwhile, we are seeing
Dollar Tree shares fall on a double
downgrade by Goldman Sachs. Now, it has
the stock at a sell, saying that further
upside from here gets harder. and they
cite concerns around the lower income
consumer, which Dollar Tree of course
caters to. Basically saying that the
issue is that shoppers just aren't
finding the same type of value as they
used to at a Dollar Tree. And we end on
Firefly Aerospace. Those shares are
soaring more than 20% now in the
pre-market. The company saying that it
made some fixes and plans to get its
Alpha rocket flying again by year end.
That's after an explosion back in
September. This is a company trying to
make a name for itself in the commercial
uh commercial space race, even landing a
spacecraft on the moon earlier this
year. John
>> Yara, very cool. Thank you. Let's go to
Dollar Tree, Dollar General. We can talk
about all the dollar stores. These are
curious companies because when they do
well, we say things are bad. And when
they do badly, then things must be
really, really bad. And that's
ultimately what Goldman Sachs is telling
you so far this morning.
>> Yeah, they're also particularly hit and
buffeted by some of the trends when it
comes to tariffs and some of the goods
from overseas. That was one of the ways
that they got cheaper goods. So, how do
they offer cheaper goods at a time when
you are seeing price increases of
certain items? Also, a real question
here, are other companies getting in on
their game and actually trying to offer
discounts and maybe are in a better
position to do so because they are
attracting both the more affluent uh
consumer as well as the lower income.
This is a story about specific names as
much as it is macro stories.
>> Walmart and Target next week, the big
two to focus on with regards to this
story. We'll talk about that more in the
coming days and the next week or so.
that name at the pre-market down by 2 to
3%. On our radar this morning, the White
House saying last month's key economic
data is likely lost forever due to the
government shutdown.
>> The Democrats may have permanently
damaged the federal statistical system
with October CPI and jobs reports likely
never being released. And all of that
economic data released will be
permanently impaired, leaving our policy
makers at the Fed flying blind at a
critical period. So the news there was
this bit and jobs reports because there
was a question mark above CPI anyway
going into yesterday and jobs reports
for the month of October as well.
>> A lot of commentary coming from Wall
Street saying they'll wait for the
Bureau of Labor Statistics to confirm
this. The Bureau of Labor Statistics is
an independent agency that is codified
by Congress and a real lack of certainty
around what the relationship is between
uh the White House and the Bureau of
Labor Statistics and whether the White
House is reflecting an inability of the
Bureau of Labor Statistics to put out
this data. So, still a lot of gray area
skepticism coming from Wall Street.
Nonetheless, it highlights just what a
fog we're going to be in.
>> How do you convert the hold out of the
Federal Reserve without the jobs data
going into their December 10th meeting?
We've heard from the Boston and Atlanta
Fed presidents in the last 24 hours.
They've both shared a hawkish stance.
Both Susan Collins and Raphael Bostig
saying they see inflation as a greater
risk and they favor holding rates
steady. For the bulk of the committee,
and I say the bulk, for the one half of
the committee that's worried about
inflation and not worried about what's
happening in the labor market, how do
you convert them if you don't get the
jobs number soon?
>> I mean, do you have to? because uh
Raphael Bastic is retiring uh and he's
going to not be there for 2027 when the
Atlanta Fed gets a vote on the FOMC. And
then you know, yes, Boston Fed President
Susan Collins does have a vote, but
others are actually very willing to cut
rates. We've heard from others,
including San Francisco Fed President
Mary Daly, who's talked about concern
about hampering a labor market
undergoing a dramatic transformational,
technologically driven uh
transformation. So this is a very
difficult moment and some voices maybe
speak louder than others.
>> Well, one half of the committee very
worried about the labor market, not
concerned about what's happening with
financial conditions. This is quite a
notable name to be talking about if you
lived through the late '9s in this
market in the early 2000s. Cisco shares
gaining following an earnings beat and a
forecast boost. The company working to
capture more AI spending, teaming up
with Nvidia to get more of an edge on
chips and data centers. That stock
trading at 79 in the pre-market. Yeah,
superseding the last record back in
2000, which really highlights just to
your point earlier, how much of a lost
quarter century this really has been for
the company. Why are they winning? And
that is what a lot of people are looking
at. And I mean, they actually have
lagged behind some of the semiconductor
stocks so far this year. They're
actually put over the average with the
gain in pre-market trading of futures.
I'm curious though how much Cisco is
actually the one to watch right now.
They are instrumental in the average
company being able to adapt to
artificial intelligence. They're sort of
the bridge between Nvidia and uh and the
idea of how you practically put this
into effect. How much are these
companies going to really be the tell
about how much companies are really
using artificial intelligence to become
more efficient and actually have those
gains broaden out?
>> Chuck Robbins getting it done over at
Cisco. That name in the pre-market
higher by 7.6%.
Let's stick with some of the earnings so
far this morning. The latest this
morning coming from Disney shares
falling short of expectations in fourth
quarter expectations just missing those
numbers this morning posting a miss on
revenue and operating income. Githther
Raganathan of Bloomberg Intelligence
joins us now for more. Githa, what
jumped out for you? Yeah, I think uh
what jumped out to me, yes, a little bit
of mixed results as you pointed out,
John, but I think what investors were
really looking at was 2026 guidance. And
while they did reaffirm their previous
guidance of, you know, double-digit EPS
growth, I just don't think that's
enough. I think they wanted more
specificity. Yes, we know that, you
know, uh parks, the park segment is
going to grow profits by, uh, you know,
high single digits, but again, I just
don't think that was enough. uh you know
the two big things that investors are
looking in a quarter in and quarter out
is the parks business and the streaming
business right those are the biggest
sources of earnings power of earnings
potential at this company uh and while
they did guide to again pretty strong
numbers I think the street was looking
for for a little bit more
>> ga where do you think that little bit
more can come from in the coming
quarters
>> I think both streaming and parks are a
little bit underappreciated John so as
you kind of look at you know let's just
take the parks business this brings in
about 55 to 60% of profits so absolutely
the biggest element of of you know
profits and and revenue at the company
uh and really you know if you look at
2026 there are just so many different
drivers you have two new cruise ships
that are coming on board we have like
this big ambitious plans $60 billion in
capex that Disney laid out over 10 years
so you have a whole host of new
attractions that are coming uh you know
across uh that there were recent price
increases so all of those should help. I
think the other big source, you know,
where we can see those earnings numbers
go up pretty nicely, uh, is going to be
on the streaming side. So, we just saw
Disney take up some price increases. We
saw actually pretty strong subscriber
numbers at Disney Plus. I mean, people
weren't expecting this just kind of
given the whole Jimmy Kimmel controversy
and and things like that. Uh, but still,
uh, you know, we saw pretty good
numbers. So, I think again as they can
keep taking up those price increases, as
they keep bundling and bundling with
ESPN Plus with other different
streamers, I think that could become a
real source of earnings upside as well.
>> So, it sounds like tickets are about
$200 a day to go to Disney World at the
high end. It's gone up significantly
over the past few years. This has been
one of the main drivers of revenues. How
much higher can they take them?
>> I think they can keep taking them higher
and I say that because of two things
that are happening uh you know Lisa. So
one thing is Disney is investing. So
they are making the customer experience
better and better. We've just seen a
whole host of attractions that they've
added, you know, across Magic Kingdom,
across the California Avengers campus.
You know, there's a whole world of
Frozen that is, you know, opened up in
Hong Kong and Paris. Uh so we we're
seeing all of these new attractions that
they're adding consistently and people
are willing to pay for them. And and the
other thing is we've just generally seen
this whole boom in the experience
economy. people really want to go out
and have all of these live experiences,
you know, whether they're concerts,
whether they're theme parks, whether
they're cruises, whether they're live
sporting events. And so, we're seeing
that, you know, make up a bigger and
bigger share of the consumer wallet. And
that is a good thing for Disney.
>> That's actually exactly where I was
going to go, Gita. How much is this a
read on just general consumer appetite?
And how much is this a structural shift
in where people spend their money,
especially post pandemic where the
experience took preeminence over uh the
products?
>> Yeah. So I think we've seen like a
really really strong growth. So we you
know the one number that we keep
tracking for Disney that we're tracking
this for Universal at Comcast is you
know per capita growth and that has been
really strong. So last quarter they
reported something like 8% per capita
growth which is one of the highest
numbers that they've ever reported. Uh
and I and you know I suspect it's going
to be the same thing you know this
quarter as well. So we've kind of seen
that underlying demand. People are
willing to pay for experiences. They're
adding of course whole new experiences.
So we're seeing that they're you know
just look at the cruises. This is why
Disney is making these investments. So
you look at it pre- pandemic, they had
four ships. By the end of 2026, they're
going to have eight ships. By the end of
2031, they're going to have 13 ships. So
they are investing because people are
going. So they're seeing the demand. Uh
which is kind of, you know, uh speaks to
I I think why we're going to continue to
see a lot of growth in in the parks
division.
>> Lisa, a Disney vacation stopped being
accessible a long long time ago for the
average American. It is so expensive.
>> Have you've never been?
>> I've never been. I've seen the price.
>> It's absolutely Well, it's not It's
another price. That's why I haven't been
tens of thousands of dollars to have a
week there. It's ridiculous.
>> And if you want to skip the line and you
have a concierge service, you're
basically paying for a new house. I
mean, essentially to take a family.
>> I'm looking right now at a Disney cruise
for you just to see if uh I can provide
some offerings that you're going to
absolutely love. But to me, what's
interesting is people are still paying
it.
>> That's still the driver. And it's not
all of the very highincome individuals.
People will save up for these Disney
experiences. And it highlights how much
people have shifted their spending
habits. And you're seeing this across
the board, which makes it very difficult
to get an understanding of the broader
consumer from some of the companies that
traditionally have been more sort of
tied to some sort of consumer cycle.
>> Disney down by about 4% at the
pre-market. Keith, just a final question
for me on the Walt Disney Company and
it's Hulu and whether they've really
finished sort of finessing the user
experience. When you go on Disney Plus
at the moment, you see across the top
it'll say Disney, it'll say Hulu, it'll
say ESPN. What are they going to do
about all of that? What are they going
to make this product look like?
>> They're going to keep refining it. So,
they're refining the recommendation
engine. And this is what all of these
companies are doing. We've seen, you
know, Netflix do this. Disney's
obviously doing this in a big way. And
and you know, uh, John, just to your
point about Hulu. They had their biggest
jump in subscribers. They added almost 8
million subscribers. Of course, a lot of
that was due to, you know, their charter
deal, but the user experience is going
to be paramount going forward. Uh,
they're integrating all their apps. And
even as we kind of look at ESPN kind of
going forward, we kind of think that
they want to make it this one-stop shop
for, you know, sports streaming. And I
think that's exactly what it's going to
become. So Disney working really hard to
kind of integrate all of these different
streaming apps into into a single spot.
>> I'm just going to say this from my
perspective. Ga the worst outgo out of
all of the companies out there. They
seem to never know what I want to watch
and I've always got to search for it.
>> Githa was responding and saying this is
the goal for Disney. that this is what
they are going to do because user
experience Jonathan Pharaoh's user
experience fix
>> is paramount.
>> It's so easy.
>> Yeah. Well, it's true. And this is going
to be a serious issue especially because
their sports revenue was not as high as
some people had expected it. So to that
point, maybe you're going to cut your
subscription. I don't think so.
>> I don't think so. No, unfortunately not.
That's the problem. That's why prices
keep going up. We're not there yet.
Keith, thank you. Keith Rakenathan there
of Bloomberg. The latest on Disney. That
stock is down by close to 4%. With an
update on stories worldwide this morning
with your Bloomberg brief is Vonyie
Quinn. Hey Vonyie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. Chinese e-commerce
giant Alibaba is overhauling its mobile
AI app to resemble OpenAI's Chat GPT in
the coming months. Alibaba plans to
rename the app Quen and add Aentic AI
features to support shopping on its
platforms. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that the end goal is to try
and make Quen a fully functioning AI
agent.
The Supreme Court scheduled arguments on
President Trump's effort to fire Federal
Reserve Governor Lisa Cook for January
21st. Cook has remained on the job since
late August when Trump said he would
remove her over mortgage fraud
allegations that she denies. The high
court will consider whether Trump can
fire Cook while the legal fight moves
forward.
The US government will aim to start
lifting flight restrictions in about a
week. The transportation department and
FAA reduced domestic flights across 40
major airports during the government
shutdown. Lisa asked Delta CEO Ed
Bastian about those cuts yesterday. How
long will it take before we don't see
any delays or any unexpected uh delays
tied to the shutdown?
>> I think it'll happen pretty quickly. I
think once once people start getting
paid, and I know Secretary Duffy is
committed to getting those those
paychecks out right away. Um, so over
the next couple of days, I think you'll
see things starting to turn to normal.
>> Bastian adding holiday bookings slowed
as passengers were worried about getting
st getting stranded during Thanksgiving
and Christmas. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. Amarie was offering
to drive them, wasn't she?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Evidently, they they stayed home
instead. It seems like they're relieved
over at Delta for not being a political
football right now.
>> What was your takeaway yesterday? My
takeaway is that things were very strong
heading into this. There was a real
disruption when it came to bookings,
etc. They talked about how this is a
Super Bowl though, Thanksgiving. I mean,
Emory might be uh renting a truck to
drive everybody to their relatives, but
evidently most of them still want to
fly.
>> This is a very busy period. To state the
obvious for the airlines. Up next on the
program, the cost of the shutdown. Our
estimate at the White House is that each
week that we were shut down is worth
about $15 billion off of GDP. So I was
kind of feeling good about a 3% quarter
before the shutdown. So I guess that
means that you think we'd be shooting in
the sort of one and a half to two range
now. Good to see Kevin Hasset on
Bloomberg TV. Up next on the program,
Christina Catman of Invesco.
[Music]
If you thought Brammo was bearish live
on TV, should hear some of it in the
commercial break.
>> All right, let's move forward.
>> I'm gonna move on.
>> I was I was actually like, you know,
completely honest.
>> I'm wondering what banks are going to do
with their money if they have all this
money. It's not a great time to invest
>> except for investing in AI to possibly
replace humans eventually down the line.
I mean, I don't think that that's
bearish. I think that's bullish. It's
bullish for earnings.
>> It's what's on your mind in the
commercial break. I'm with you. Thanks
for sharing it.
>> Anytime.
>> Some people at home feel the same way.
They don't stay up at night thinking
about it in quite the same way, but they
feel the same way sometimes.
>> Well, you know, see, there are really
fun things to think about.
>> All right, let's get to markets.
Equities are down by a tenth of 1% on
the S&P 500. On the NASDAQ down by a
similar amount and Savannah this
morning, the cost of the shutdown.
Our estimate of the White House is that
each week that we were shut down is
worth about $15 billion off of GDP. Um,
I think the Golden guys have added all
that up and guessed that it's between 1
and 1 and a half% uh reduction in the
growth rate of GDP this quarter. So, I
was kind of feeling good about a 3%
quarter before the shutdown. So, I guess
that means that you think we'd be
shooting in the sort of 1 and a half to
two range now. So, here's the latest
this morning. Bloomberg economics
estimating the shutdown will subtract
1.3 percentage points from fourth
quarter GDP. The Federal Reserve now
hoping to shake off the data fog ahead
of their December meeting. Christina
Capman of Invesco writing, "We expect
clarity on the calendar for US data flow
within the few days coming out of a
shutdown, but expect data to be noisy at
best with the potential for market bias
to discount data extremes." Christina
joins us now for more. Christina, good
morning.
>> Morning. Thanks so much for having me.
>> Doubt about payrolls being released now
and not just CPI. What's your base case?
>> Look, I don't know if we get the data or
not. Um, but I think either way we know
that the data is going to be really
noisy. So, we finally will start getting
data flow, but I think we have more
murky water coming probably into year
end. Um, and there's a lot of questions
of do you get both payroll reports on
the same day? And I think the extremes,
exactly, like we said, are going to be
discounted. And I think we have to go
back to what the story's been all year
that you've had really weak sentiment
data that keep kept getting re-anchored
by decent or hard um, tier one data. And
then the breakdown came in the summer
when you got the revisions to the labor
market data and weakness. And now we've
had no real data. So, it's just been
this very weak sentiment data. So, where
do we go from here? Do we have the hard
data reanchor? And I think I think
that's like a really important path
forward. And I think you look at the
consumer too. Even though sentiment data
has been so weak, the consumer spending
numbers and the credit card data numbers
have still been robust. So, you still
have this bifurcation of like, well,
which is it? You don't feel good, but
you're still spending.
>> You're right to point it out in the
summer, the start of August, that July
jobs report changed the conversation.
Coming out of the summer, we caught up
with you and consensus started to
develop into the idea that the Federal
Reserve was going to start an easing
cycle. They went 25. They went 25. Is
that now developing into a prolonged
pause at the Federal Reserve?
>> So Powell clearly came back and pushed
back aggressively on the market's
pricing um at the October press
conference. And I appreciate wanting to
have some kind of flexibility and not be
priced over 100% for December. Like
that's reasonable from the Fed. For me,
what I have a harder time with is even
the push backs at the October meeting
and you've started to hear more noise
and grumbling around the Fed. And I
think probably a noisier Fed is here to
stay and you're going to hear like a
wider range of voices. But for me, it's
hard to say you supported one ease in
September and you're going to descent in
October.
We're talking about monetary policy that
has long lags and is a blunt instrument.
So easing 25 being okay with 25 but not
50 feels like a challenging one for me.
So we've always kind of been in the camp
of you deliver 75 to 100 similar to last
year and then you can sit on your hands
and say let's see how this actually
feeds through the economy. So I still
our base case is still that they can go
in December even said to the Kansas City
Fed.
>> We did not. We did not. Um, but they
there's so many moving parts and I think
the reality is they'll probably still be
flying blind data wise. And when you're
flying blind, I don't think that means
Powell talked about putting on the
brakes or pausing, I don't think that
means you like avert course and change
change the direction.
>> I think a lot of people agree with you.
I mean, right now the pricing in Fed
funds futures is more than 50% for that
December rate cut. I just wonder why
we're not seeing any kind of steepening
in the yield curve given the fact that
probably early next year we are going to
get some stimulus checks. we probably
are going to get some fiscal efforts
coming uh from Washington.
>> Yeah. So look, I think we've been in the
camp to have a steeper yield curve for
much of the year. And I think the
frustrating part, we've like gone in
bits and bouts of like we've steepened,
we've flattened it back has been the
long end for us. And you think about all
of the fiscal dynamics in the US and
obviously the US is the US so it has
that um that benefit in markets and it
is the most robust deepest market. So,
it has that benefit, but we're at the
low end of yields in TENS and bonds. And
I don't know that we're discounting or
like fairly pricing in the tax policy
risk. You're going to have stimulus next
year. So,
do we need to like even if the Fed
eases, do long end rates need to be
lower? I don't think so. Because of
where we are, are we pricing an
inflation risk? Inflation's kind of been
sticky. There's one argument that if you
have a Fed that's cutting rates, people
who've gotten accustomed to getting
income on their cash are going to look
for other places to get their income and
they're not necessarily going to go
straight into equities. They're going to
go at duration and so they're going to
lock in those yields which will keep a
lid on how high yields can go regardless
of the uh backdrop of the deficit and
inflation and all of these other
concerns. What's your take on that
argument? Um, I think I think the
argument about all-in yields certainly
for credit and front-end high quality
paper like I think that's a real
argument and it exists out there even
though as a rates person it's a
frustrating argument because you say
like why not barbell and be in the front
end in the U in treasuries or in rate
product and then appcurve but I think
that it's a different dynamic for 30
years and I think that that 30-year
point globally that steepening and all
of the pressures there is is a global
phenomenon like look at what's going on
in 30-year JGBs and under the new
government, this kind of combination of
reflationary policy and a much weaker
yen and much it's like you're pushing on
all of the limits and something's going
to break. And I think we've learned this
year that all of these markets are
interconnected and what goes with one
will affect others. So
>> 10-year bond yields been a bit of a pain
trade this year. Trades this morning at
4.09% ended last year. Last trading day
of the year, 457.
That bond yield's lower, not higher on
the year so far.
>> You know what we haven't mentioned yet?
Today, $25 billion of 30-year notes
coming out at 1 p.m. an auction today of
30-year notes. 6 months ago, that would
have been exciting. Right now, people
are like, h, there's plenty to
>> suggesting it's not exciting anymore.
>> I think it's still exciting, but I think
that other people are less excited about
it. So, I'm not going to beat the drum
as much because, you know, I don't feel
like getting hate mail this early.
>> We should care. We should care.
>> Okay. Okay. Well, I think people should
care because ultimately this is a
testament to how much people are
actually looking at the global dynamic
as well as the sort of potential buyers
versus the inflation picture which could
potentially surprise the
>> a lot of supply coming into credit as
well at the same time.
>> You look at the corporate supply and a
lot of it has been all this AI related
very longdated issuance which has been
absorbed with ease and like we talk
about the credit market. I mean credit
spreads are very tight. So you have to
sit there and say like what are the
risks out there? Like there's a lot of
comparisons to is this the 1990s tech
bubble again? And there's many reasons
that it's different, but
>> everyone won't be a winner, right? So,
there has to be some choosiness about
it.
>> Christina, we got to go. It's good to
see you. Thanks for being here. Thank
you. Christina Cman of Invesco. The
third hour of Bloomberg Surveillance is
coming up next.
[Music]
You're seeing a broadening beyond the
kind of core AI names. AI story is
driving a decent portion of growth.
>> The AI power and the AI infrastructure
basket still looks really really
compelling.
>> It's a vibe market and it's all driven
from settlement for the most part.
>> I think equities are are still going up
15 to 20% from where they are over the
next year. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg Savannah starts right now. And
your scores look like this. Equity
futures on the S&P negative by 0.2
following four days without losses on
the S&P 500. The longest stretch of the
month so far. On the NASDAQ, we're down
by about 210 of 1%. In the bond market,
pretty stable. Twos, tens, and 30s.
yields a bit higher by a basis point or
two. The 10ear still south of 4.1% 2's
at 358. Your week ahead and the next few
days shaping up as follows. One thing
not there and we can talk about it now.
$25 billion of 30-year bonds which Lisa
is very interested in later on this
afternoon.
>> Well, it kind of goes to the heart of
the dynamics we've been talking about.
The idea that fiscal stimulus is
increasingly going to come on the table.
We're going to see an increase in the
fiscal deficit. Probably not with more
issuance in the longer end necessarily.
We did hear some from Treasury Secretary
Scott Besson on that. Nonetheless, how
are people gaming out the inflation
story? It seems like on the Fed, people
are very worried about long-term
inflation. It seems like in markets, not
so much, at least by the recent price
action. Do we see a reawakening in these
auctions of some sort of bond vigilante
behavior? Focus on inflation.
>> The president reopened the government
yesterday. One of the first lines after
he signed that document, let's make
America affordable again. Now, what
direction are we going in here? We've
heard about $2,000 checks and tariff
relief. I think the options matter in
the future if we go in that direction
because that means we need to issue some
more treasuries.
>> Thank you for leaning into just how
interesting these options are because it
is true that at some point it's going to
be financed. It's not going to
necessarily be financed in the long end.
Nonetheless, the long end is being
influenced by global dynamics as well as
the fact that we're looking at Google
debt that's 50 years long. So when you
take a look at sort of the overall
issuance, you start to wonder whether
you get some push back in bond markets
to some of the proposals that do speak
to maybe not getting back down to 2%
anytime soon.
>> We haven't had much push back so far
this year. There was a brief moment in
April, yes, but on the year so far,
yields are lower on the year and not
higher. 10th this morning, still around
4%. You know, one of the difficult
things to discern, how much is this a
fundamental bet, and how much is this a
technical bet that the Treasury
Department is going to sell less
longerterm debt, that maybe the Fed's
going to use their balance sheet a
little bit more, that there is this goal
to get 10-year yields lower in order to
restart the mortgage market? How much is
that part of why yields have remained so
contained?
>> Limit loan property in Florida and US
equities, how this works. But if if this
is the direction we go in, and this is
what we heard from Eric Johnson of Caner
in the last hour. He was talking about
lower rates, a more aggressive balance
sheet policy, accommodating aggressive
fiscal policy, a $2,000 check followed
by another $2,000 check. If that's the
direction we're going in, yeah, it's a
buy everything story, isn't it?
>> Long stocks, long toilet paper cuz it
reminds me of that era.
>> And get long inflation, too. If that's
the direction we go in, it's not my
call, but people are making that call
for 26. And how much is this part of the
reason why everything is rallying in
tandem? Usually, you would think of
bonds and stocks being uh inversely
correlated. We haven't seen that
consistency really restart over the past
couple of months.
>> By everything except the Fed's
credibility if that's the direction we
go in. A lot of there for 2026. Coming
up this hour, we'll catch up with Kevin
Gordon of Schwab as stocks are edging
lower. Chris Queso of Wolf Research
remaining bullish on tech despite recent
volatility. and Tiffany Wilding of
Pimco. With markets now awaiting the
release of key economic data, we begin
this hour with the latest stock rally on
pause following the end of the longest
government shutdown in history. Kevin
Schwab, Kevin Gordon of Schwab likely
saying this likely will have to wait
until the beginning of 26 to get a clear
read on the health of the labor market,
raising the risk of a shock to markets,
especially if the delayed jobs report
are released all at once. Kevin Gordon
joins us now for more. Kevin, good to
see you. Hello,
>> John Farrell.
>> I get that right. Thanks for catching up
with us. Let's talk about this market
and the prospect of $2,000 checks. Does
that change the outlook for you? This
shift towards affordability?
>> Um, well, I think the prospect of the
checks, I mean, we'll see what the, you
know, how that actually nets out. If we
learned anything from the past 5 years
of issuing out checks to to Americans
and directly giving them money in in
several rounds. Uh, yes, you could argue
it contributes to an inflation problem,
but it also doesn't solve anything on
the sentiment or the confidence front.
Um, as you pointed out earlier in the
show, uh, you know, alluding to this
vibration that we've we've started to
think about, uh, you know, cinema has
only continued to get worse as inflation
has remained sticky and and above the
Fed's target and price levels have been,
you know, still so egregiously above
where they were pre- pandemic. So, I'm
not so sure that it's necessarily going
to be an elixir for what ails a lot of
the economy from a sentiment standpoint.
Um, and then I think from an inflation
standpoint, more importantly, I I
certainly don't think it'll do anything
to help bring, you know, inflation a
little bit lower because even if you
take out what was a really strong
disinflationary force in the September
CPI, which was shelter. Um, I know
there's a lot of controversy around
excluding certain components, but the
the core parts of inflation are still
relatively sticky. If you do core
services, exhousing, and CPI, you're
still running above 3% on a
year-over-year basis. That hasn't really
budged. you look at a year of a chart of
just general year-over-year change in
CPI, um that's hovering closer to 3% on
average, not two. So, there is a little
bit of a difference in in the inflation
backdrop post pandemic, and we're sort
of living in and experiencing it real
time.
>> Every day that passes, this becomes a
dated conversation because we don't have
updated data. Yeah. And might not get
another CPI report for quite a while.
What's been the biggest problem for you,
the absence of data or the data we have
seen?
>> I think it's been the absence and I
think it will be the absence for a
while. you know, as you alluded to in
the quote, um, I I I'm getting sort of
more convinced that it's going to take
until probably the end of January, maybe
well into the to the end of the first
quarter of 26 until we get a clear read,
at least on something like the labor
market, cuz we're we're looking at this
data whole in October, HOL, not WH,
where, you know, you're you're likely
going to miss even if you get some
reports like the non-farm payrolls
report, um, it's probably not going to
be clean. I mean retroactively you have
to ask businesses you know for the
establishment survey what the employment
situation was like. I think the
likelihood you get the household survey
is pretty low which that's not going to
mean that the payroll number is
meaningless but I think it will take
down a lot of the sort of you know the
the scale of it or at least the
importance of it because if you have the
payroll number but you don't have the
unemployment rate we don't really
understand what the supply situation is
looking like. So because of that and
because you're going to then be missing
revisions and you're also past the
reference period now for November. I
mean, there's a whole list and I could
go on, but I think all of that adding up
gets you to a point where into the first
quarter of 26, you probably have maybe a
little bit of a cleaner read on on
labor, plus you get the benchmark
revisions towards the beginning of next
year. So, that's going to also be a
pretty key uh pretty key driver.
>> So, let's talk about the Vibe session
turning into a vibe. Uh the idea of how
much you have seen sentiment data fall
off a cliff. It has recently been gut
checked by the hard data coming from the
government that actually things are
okay. And you're seeing that gut check
if there is one right now coming from
the earnings. Is this something that's
sustainable? The sort of breakdown
between the vibes and how people feel
and what actually is going on in
economic activities.
>> Well, it's sustainable in the sense and
I'll give it, you know, I'll give a hat
tip for vibe session coined by my my pal
Kyla Scandlin. So, we're sort of
building on the framework that she uh
established. But, you know, I think that
it's sustainable in the sense that it's
become the norm whether you like it or
not. I mean, just look at the math, look
at the data. post pandemic. In the past
five years, you've only continued to see
sentiment get worse. I knowish gets a
ton of flak because of maybe a little
bit of a political bias and how much is
driven by that. But the current
conditions component of the umish
sentiment index is at an all-time low.
Meaning you have a base of consumers
saying this is the current environment
is worse than the financial crisis. It's
worse than the 1980s. It's worse than
the late 1970s. So, I think it's
sustainable in the sense that sentiment
in this cycle and I think for the for at
least the near to medium-term is not
going to be an indicator and a
forward-looking indicator for the
trajectory of the economy. And I think
that's somewhat consistent with how the
base of growth has has been shaped this
year where it's become narrower. It's
become increasingly driven by business
investment. Uh clearly, as we've all
talked about every single day, you know,
the the AI capex portion of that on the
tech and the software side, the hardware
and the software side. So I think it is
consistent with what has happened in the
economy and how things have developed.
Uh but I I just don't think it's going
to be that traditional leading indicator
for the economy because it hasn't been.
It's a leading indicator though for
politics and there is a feeling right
now that that is going to come with some
proposals and you were talking earlier
about the $2,000 checks that could come
out and I just wonder whether the bond
market is starting to price in or when
it will start to price in a series of
potential proposals uh that John's been
outlining could potentially be quite
stimulative.
>> Yeah. Well, I think for the from the
bond markets perspective, you know, when
we came I I sort of rewind back to a
year ago when we were all putting our
outlooks together for 2025 and
collectively we were assessing, you
know, what is the policy risk both from
from Washington but also on the monetary
policy side. And you do have almost an
equal set of headwind and tailwinds for
the equity market but also the bond
market. You think about things that are
more growth negative like tariffs. I
mean, we do have elevated tariffs. We're
probably going to be living in a in a
high tariff world for the foreseeable
future. Um but you also have some form
of fiscal stimulus coming from the big
beautiful bill but also potentially
coming from additional measures whether
it is checks. So in in that sense and I
think you know you pointing out the sort
of the little move down that we've seen
in the tenure over the past year but if
you zoom out over the past several years
it's kind of been in this stuck in this
range and that makes a lot of sense to
us because of these competing forces
that you have. So I don't see a whole
lot of that changing especially because
the business investment environment is
still so so fertile and it's so strong
right now and you're expected to get a
little bit of a bounce back in
consumption with you know when we get
third quarter GDP of course fourth
quarter and then into first quarter of
26 is going to be distorted by the
shutdown but there's still no indication
because of the stock of labor is still
so high right now there's still no
indication that you're seeing this
massive draw down in spending and we've
had some alternative data that have
under you know underpinned that and
emphasized that that have shown that you
know retail sales haven't fallen off a
cliff. The weekly economic index from
the Dallas Fed is is still pretty
stable. So, we've been able to see that
the consumer is still broadly resilient.
>> Can we just finish on the setup for 26
in markets? So, 12 months ago, a lot of
people bowled up on by America. When we
went to Davos, Switzerland last year, it
was ridiculous how long everyone was one
theme and that was the United States.
What happened an out of consensus rally
in Europe lasted for the first half of
the year at least, but it was massive.
How do you think we're set up with that
in mind for 26?
>> I think that you know to the extent you
get a little bit of of a reversal in
some of the forces like the falling
dollar in the first half of this year
that was almost to the date a 1/2 2025
story the dollar has stabilized and it's
actually last I checked I think the best
performing out of the G10 so far in the
second half of the year. So even if that
stays relatively stable or you get a bit
of a pickup because you have price or
you have rate cuts that are priced out
from the market in terms of the Fed um I
think that can maybe work against some
of the you know the ex US trade
particularly in Europe. Uh but you know
the setup for the US what I think has
become really important to watch and
this is this has sort of manifested over
the past couple of weeks and importantly
this week so far where the breadth
picture under the surface for the S&P
500 has actually started to improve. So
there's been a little bit of closing of
the gap between, you know, the equal
weighted index and then the cap weighted
index where even though you're seeing
some digestion over the past couple of
weeks, there has been a little bit of a
catch-up from the average stock, which
is really important because by the end
of October, you're at 26% of members in
the index that were outperforming the
index on a rolling three-month basis.
That's incredibly low relative to
history. So, anytime you go through that
sort of wash out down the cap spectrum
and outside of the top 10, you really
need to see that that gap close in favor
of the average stock, the so-called
average stock. And so far, that's
happening. So, I think it's a it's a
relatively healthy sign. But what needs
to happen, I think, in the next, you
know, four to five weeks is a pickup in
what I think of as sort of the holy
grail metric for breadth, which is the
share of companies that are above their
200 day moving average. That's come back
up to 60%. So I think if you continue to
see that climb as the index health
improves then I think that has a you
know gives you a relatively solid setup
for 26.
>> Kevin Gordon always smart. Thank you
sir. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. Thank
you. Kevin Gordon there of Schwab. The
dollar this morning down by about 210 of
1%. I checked the WCRS function on the
Bloomberg terminal just you know half to
date just about level pegging with the
Norwegian croner and the Swedish
currency. So almost you know and I'm
sure that was true 24 hours ago. So very
cool. I hadn't checked that for quite a
while. Thanks for that. I love that
function too. is one of my favorites.
It's brilliant. Let's get you an update
on stories elsewhere this morning.
Here's your Bloomberg brief with Vonyie
Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. Shares of Cisco
Systems soaring today after the network
equipment giant boosted its 2026
forecast, showing progress in its effort
to capture more artificial intelligence
spending. The company now expects sales
of as much as $61 billion in the fiscal
year. That's about a billion more than
it previously expected and higher than
Wall Street estimates.
Scion Asset Management, the hedge fund
run by big short investor Michael Bur
has dregistered with the SEC. A filing
shows registration was terminated
November 10th. And Bur said in a social
media post that he was quote onto much
better things November 25th. Bur's post
also detailed his bet against Palanteer
in the post, saying he had spent about
$9.2 million and that it let him sell
shares at $50 in 2027. Those options.
Well, after 50 days of waiting, Arizona
Congresswoman Adlita Galval was sworn in
Wednesday. Speaker Mike Johnson had said
he wouldn't swear in the Arizona
Democrat until the government shutdown
ended, and the delay prompted outrage
from Democrats. Before the ceremony,
Galva had been unable to perform basic
constituent services or even open an
office in her district. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Thanks for the
update. Up next, the morning calls plus
Chris Casso of Wolf Research as he
remains bullish on tech despite recent
volatility. That conversation just
around the corner
[Music]
Even though there's these worries and
these concerns, I think tech will
ultimately still lead. If you believe
you're in a bull market, I think
ultimately tech has to participate and
likely lead even if there's some bouts
of underperformance. If things slow
down, money moves back to tech. And if
things if if the Fed cuts rates, people
still stick with tech because of the
finance inside and the secular growth.
That was Keith Lerner of Truist on the
program a little bit earlier this
morning. If you are just joining us, a
softer tone so far this morning. No real
drama though. down by about a tenth on
the S&P. Likewise on the NASDAQ, the
Russell Small cap's down by 0.4. That's
the price action in the equity market.
Let's get you some morning calls. First
up, Piper Sandler raising its price
target on Cisco to 86, highlighting its
solid webscale AI infrastructure
buildout. That name is up by 7% this
morning. Your second call from Morgan
Stanley naming Micron a top pick with a
street high target of 325 expecting new
earnings driven highs. The stock is up
by 0.9%. And finally, Wedbush adding
Meta to its best ideas list, citing
positive commentary from Meta AI and
Super Intelligence Labs. The stock is up
by 0.6%.
Let's stick with tech. Concerns
surrounding the AI narrative whips in
stocks over the last week or so.
Bloomberg's Michael B joins us now for
more. Michael, welcome to the show.
We've seen some push back a few times
against certain names, Meta, Palanteer.
Take stock of things now. Where are we?
>> Yeah, it's good that we had the Cisco
earnings come in positive on the AI
front. And obviously there's a bigger
story there with the networking uh cloud
computing components being the main
driver but also upgrading their AI
outlook coming off of uh AMD after that
as well yesterday. So we've stabilized a
little bit as far as worries that came
last week um and earlier in the week. Uh
so it's good right now. I think
literally you're seeing people holding
on to their longs. You've seen some
trimming but you know generally the
secular story is still intact. But look,
we have lots of questions and those
questions are not only about just how
long profitability will be as we move
from sort of training into inference and
this three trillion dollar, you know,
secular saga, but also the power story
as you guys have covered quite well. you
know, the power story is key and I think
it's very interesting now to think about
um where we're going to get the
bottlenecks and you know, you've been
covering it very well and I I believe
we're starting to see the push back
there come like mostly in uh the
derivatives now. The plumbing of the
power story now is now being questioned
like how quickly these guys can pivot.
You know, what's the backlog story?
>> Michael, you mentioned Cisco. Is a
number just a number? When you see Cisco
in the pre-market in the high 70s and
you compare it to where they were in the
early 2000s, is a number just a number?
>> Yeah, I think a number is just a number.
And I was writing sort of about this dot
comparison yesterday. Um, we are in a
different era. I believe that it is it
is interesting and I did not realize
that been two decades, but ultimately
now the story is much more uh positive.
Um, clearly it tells the frothiness of
the times of past, but we do have a
longer term, you know, capex drive here
that CIS was going to benefit from. And
again, we need to understand what the
real constraints as the rubber hits the
road. And I thought it was interesting,
funny enough, that as you're talking
about Michael Murray changing the
strategy, uh the structure of his uh
hedge fund or or you know, closing it,
he had an interesting note out talking
about how the chips are going to be
depreciated now at a faster level
because the power story is so important.
So the newer chips are going to use less
power, are going to hold value much more
than older ones. And even though there's
still a lot of value in the capacity
they have to do the training and to do
the inference, the real drive will now
be to be more efficient and that's going
to increase over the next couple years
as we hit sort of this grid constraint
and the on-site backlog. Michael, thanks
for catching up with us. We appreciate
the update. Michael Bull there of
Bloomberg. Chris Casau of Wolf Research
remaining bullish on AI writes the
following. A significant number of deal
announcements over the last several
months have provided greater visibility
into the outlook for AI revenue growth
going forward. Chris joins us now for
more. Chris, welcome back. Six days away
from Nvidia. What are you expecting to
see next week?
>> I think it's going to be a good report
and uh for a couple reasons. One is that
uh earlier in the year, Nvidia was
constrained by the production of these
server racks. And one of the things
that's happening in the move to this new
Blackwell generation is they don't just
do the chip and the board, they do the
whole racks. It was a little challenging
getting getting that uh there. So we
didn't see quite the earnings beats that
we saw we've come to expect from Nvidia
in the first half uh in in the first
half of this year as compared to others.
That part is is settled. Obviously
demand for AI is is very strong and they
give some disclosures at their GTC event
in Washington which we think points to
you know some pretty significant upside
in the second half of the year but more
significant upside as you as you go into
next year. So we think golf systems are
are still go here.
>> How important Chris is concentration
risk? And I'm not talking about Nvidia
as part of the S&P 500 or the NASDAQ,
but with respect to their client base,
how important is it to see it start to
expand outside of the main hyperscalers
and into other businesses?
>> Well, Nvidia, you know, I would say they
are pretty well diversified right now.
And um you know, in general, you know,
the way we kind of look at the AI market
is about half of the market is you know,
those big cloud providers uh doing their
the you know, doing their own internal
workloads. That's the biggest demand
right now. But the other half is really
kind of everybody else. And you know,
every, you know, Fortune 500 company,
every enterprise has their own AI
strategy. What you're seeing is
sovereign AI, a lot of countries
themselves that want to use, you know,
their their own uh local knowledge and
and and put that into models. And that's
still about half the market. Now, a lot
of that market is actually served by
cloud providers because of the scale.
But, you know, the thing is with AI,
everybody's using it right now. And it's
really just a question of where is the
capacity going to be put and who who's
going to uh apply that capacity. And
those are the the questions that we're
answering now.
>> Six months ago, Chris, we'd be talking
about national security probably as one
of our first questions. And how much
Nvidia is constrained by national
security considerations and potential
bans or restrictions on selling certain
chips. Now, it seems to be off the table
with the potential of an upside surprise
from certain chips getting signed off on
and sold into places like China. How are
you trying to understand that side of
the story in this earnings report?
>> Well, you know, for right now, uh we we
don't expect that there's any China
revenue uh either in the numbers or in
guidance. Uh one of the things AMD said
on their earnings call is they do have
some license to ship some some things to
China right now, but it's it's it's very
small. You know, obviously people were
watching uh the China US trade
discussions to see if anything changed
there. It really didn't. So at at this
point, it's a relatively minor part of
the story. As I look at where our 25
numbers are, it would have maybe been
high single digits of revenue because
you've got so much growth next year.
China just becomes smaller and smaller.
Unless there's some change in, you know,
what Nvidia could ship to China. If they
could ship their most advanced chips, it
would be much more significant. that
probably isn't going to happen for right
now and as long as that's the case then
China becomes a very small part of the
story.
>> Chris, there's obvious genuine demand
happening here and we can see that and
there's obvious genuine profits being
made and we can see that too. Chris,
there are some questions though about
the spend commitments that have been
made by companies like Open AI. How
realistic are they based on the revenue
they're currently generating?
Well, and I think based on the revenue
they're generating today, you you'd put
a question which is why the questions
are out there. But the way we look at it
is that right now this is a a battle for
relevance right now. And uh we're in the
very early stages of AI. Open AI has
made a stake. They're going to spend a
lot of money right now over the next two
years. Um, ironically, part of that is
money is coming from Nvidia themselves.
It made a very big investment in Open
AI. So, OpenAI has the cash to do it.
And in some sense, we think Open AI has
laid down the gauntlet. Here's what
we're going to spend. It requires a lot
of spending to get to Agentic AI, which
we think is what's going to be the
driver over the next two years or so.
And the question now for Google, Amazon,
Microsoft, everyone else, is because
Open AI is doing this, we have to do
this also. And we think it drives the
spending at least over the next two
years. After that point, after the
capacity is in, after we figure out what
Agentic AI really means in terms of
monetization, then there's going to be a
question that says, have we built too
much? Did we not build enough? But at
least for the next 2 years, we think
that that spending is pretty well set
because no one has any choice. If you
don't spend it, you're going to be left
behind.
>> Chris, appreciate it. Thank you, sir.
Chris Castle there of Wolf Research
confronting what looks like existential
risk driving massive spending in that
sector. Up next, Tiffany Wild of PIMCO.
[Music]
Stocks are down by 0.2% on the S&P.
Likewise on the NASDAQ. the longest
stretch without losses on the S&P 500
since late October. Let's see if we can
avoid it for a fifth consecutive session
a little bit later this morning as we
count you down to the opening bell 60
minutes away with your morning movers.
Here's Yahara with more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. We start with Alibaba. ADRs are
rising 4% on our reporting that it's
planning a major overhaul to its
flagship AI app, renaming it Quen, and
the goal is for it to align more closely
with OpenAI's chat GPT. It also plans to
load it with shopping features tied to
Alibaba's massive e-commerce platforms.
Make it and this marks one of its
biggest bets yet to make money off
consumerf facing AI services. Meanwhile,
moving on to Disney. Those shares
sinking further now down 5.3%
as Disney's bracing for a pricey start
to the year. The studio is spending big
on blockbusters like Zootopia 2 and the
latest Avatar and that's expected to
weigh on results in the first quarter.
It did see some bright spot bright spots
with the parks and cruise division
performing well. It also expects
earnings later next year to improve in
the double digits, but that's not
impressing investors this morning. And
we end on Nike shares. They are rising 2
and 3/4% after Wells Fargo upgraded the
stock to overweight, saying it's lacing
up for liftoff. The analyst words, not
mine, that he says that there's finally
better visibility on revenue and margins
after it dealt with a series of
headwinds, whether it was tariffs or
inflated inventory. Plus, they say that
innovation and new strategies by CEO
Elliot Hill, who's been in the post for
about a year now, are starting to pay
off. John,
>> the turnaround effort continues. Yahara,
thank The stock has had by 2.8%. Let's
turn back to the economy. The White
House warning Wall Street may never see
October's official inflation and labor
market data.
>> The Democrats may have permanently
damaged the federal statistical system
with October CPI and jobs reports likely
never being released. And all of that
economic data released will be
permanently impaired, leaving our policy
makers at the Fed flying blind at a
critical period. Bloomberg's Mike McKe
joins us now for more. Mike, likely
never. Likely never. How likely will it
be that we don't see those numbers?
>> Well, we haven't heard from the people
who put the numbers together. We've just
heard from the White House PR uh effort.
So, I wouldn't put too much stock in
that. It's going to be a few days before
we get any kind of timetable on when
they can put things out. But according
to people I've talked to, they think
that there's a possibility they can get
at least part of the jobs report, at
least part of the CPI report out because
some of that data comes in
electronically and in some cases for the
jobs data for example, they can go back
and ask companies about their payrolls.
Those records will be there. So, expect
the September jobs report next week.
That was prepared before the shutdown
started. And PPI is largely information
that comes in electronically from
companies. Retail sales. Obviously, the
retailers know what they uh cook in
during the month. So, maybe it'll take
them a week or so to get that data all
put together in release form, but that
should come out. October jobs is the
question. They think there is a chance
they get a partial. They may not get the
unemployment rate because that's a
telephone survey in many cases. But in
terms of the total jobs numbers, again,
that's data that comes in on a regular
basis. And the rest may come in early
December. It'll just take them a while
to put everything together, all the data
that's come in that hasn't been analyzed
yet.
>> Mike, how difficult is it going to be
for this Federal Reserve to produce the
SCP in the middle of December, looking
out to next year and beyond?
it'll be a little more difficult. But as
we've discussed before, most members of
the Fed will tell you they talk to so
many companies, so many CEOs, and there
are enough alternative data sources in
many areas of the economy that they have
a pretty good view to what's happening.
It may make it a little harder to round
off their SCP forecasts to a specific
decimal point, but in general, they'll
be able to kind of tell what's going on.
What we probably won't see though is a
major change in the dot plot because as
you see uh we still have Fed people
speaking on a regular basis and they're
still as divided as ever over who is uh
thinking that we need to cut rates and
who is thinking that we need to stay
where we are.
>> Mike McKe with the latest. Mike, thank
you sir. Looking forward to hearing
directly from the BLS about what we
won't get, what we will get, and how
quickly we'll get it. a lot of
uncertainty about what the connection is
between the White House and the BLS,
which is an independent agency, and
whether their decision-m will actually
be influenced. Andrew Hollen Horse and
the team over at city coming out with
this, saying, "We expect the jobs report
to be released in late November or early
December, despite speculation that it
might not be released at all." So, the
the view from Wall Street may be
skeptical about what the White House is
saying.
>> And we're calling it speculation, what
we're hearing from the White House
press.
>> That's what I found very funny.
>> That's what Wall Street's describing
this
>> Caroline Lev is speculation. Okay, we're
speculating about what we might see and
how quickly we'll see it. Tiffany
Wilding of Pimco writing, "We expect the
BLS to publish a data release schedule
relatively soon. However, it could take
a little more time in this instance
based on the length of the shutdown."
Tiffany joins us now for more. Tiffany,
how would you describe what we've heard
in the last 24 hours? What do you expect
to see and how quickly do you expect to
see it?
>> Yeah. Um, so we we were also surprised
by the White House uh comments on the
BLS. um you know and we are ultimately
waiting for them to get back in the
office and rel and and release a data
release schedule. So in the past it's
been two or three days um back after a
shutdown that they they put out a new
schedule um and then they tell um the
world what they can do and when. So
we're kind of waiting for that to um to
be the the true arbiter of of what's
going to be released. You know
ultimately we agree with Mike McKe. We
think a lot h at least half of the unemp
um the the employment report can likely
be released because it's electronic.
This you know the so-called
establishment survey. Uh so they should
be able to to do that one. Um the
household survey which requires um
actual surveyor might be a little bit
more difficult. Um you know but
ultimately we think you know that one is
also possible as well uh eventually. So
yeah we we're also a little bit
skeptical. Um you know we think the BLS
should put out the data um ultimately.
um try very hard to do so. Um you know
and and clearly the timing here is going
to impact um you know the Federal
Reserve decision um in December. Um you
know they're they're basically saying
they need more data to understand what's
going on in order to make a move.
>> Tiffany, how much have you been able to
plug the data from your end of things
based on alternative sources based on
earnings based on sentiment surveys?
Yeah, I mean when we look at the range
of data, basically the the um the
conclusion that we come to is that the
momentum um has has continued to slow,
but that slowing has still been
relatively gradual. So, we're not
falling off a cliff. The labor market is
not um you know, sort of plunging into
the abyss, but nevertheless, it's
continuing to lose uh momentum. You
know, I think maybe a little bit more
concerningly is that we have started to
see some early indications of of actual
separations um or or job losses picking
up. We've seen various uh corporate
announcements on this um you know the
challenger survey which leads um warn
data which is uh companies have to warn
their states of layoffs um you know that
has started to tick up that also tends
to lead claims you know by around 3
months. So it does suggest there is you
know some potential for uh for job
losses you know now um ultimately you
know how big that that will be as is
obviously difficult to gauge um but you
know I think there is enough evidence
here for the Fed to continue to um to
cut rates you know at least one more
time from a riskmanagement perspective
you know there's this debate right now
inflation or jobs and the dual mandate
very much in conflict and Eric Johnston
of Caner Fitzgerald was on the show
earlier this morning and he said
ultimately it comes down to yes sure the
labor lab market has seen some cracks or
at least some slowing down. It seems as
though the Fed has abandoned their goal
of 2% inflation and for the most part
that is going to drive policy to be more
accommodative and responsive to the
labor side of things. Do you agree with
that?
>> Um, no. I I actually think that the the
Fed is is trying to be um you know, I
think they're trying to be more
forward-looking here. Um and they're
trying to assess, you know, they're very
wary that inflation is above target. I
think they probably would have moved
faster. We wouldn't be debating December
um if inflation were lower right now. Um
so I certainly think that the Fed is is
is um is has their eye on inflation as
well. You know, I think the big question
in terms of these increasing downside
risks to the labor market um you know is
is is if you do if those risks do
materialize, you have opening of slack
that is ultimately going to put downward
pressure on inflation in the future. So
I think I think you have to weigh both
sides of the mandate here. The Fed seems
to be doing that. um you know and and
and that's why they're you know some of
them are more cautious uh around
December.
>> Tiffany, can you help us identify some
durable sources of disinflation looking
out into next year?
>> Um you know well well ultimately you
know I think if you you know under
underlying everything um you know
discussion of the tariffs we've
certainly seen more tariff pass through.
There's evidence of that in the data. Um
you know but on the on the services side
uh the the economy has continued to
cool. uh services inflation, rental
inflation has taken longer to come down
after the pandemic but it but it is
trending in the right direction. Um you
know we think that the immigration boom
in the last several years also slowed
down um the the moderation of rent
inflation that immigration uh policy
shift that we've seen from the
administration this year um is is um
moderating uh rents uh rental inflation
again and we're seeing broader services
inflation also moderate. you know,
there's some noise in travel services
more recently um that's resulted in some
reaceleration, but we ultimately think
that that will come back down as well.
So, I do think if you look under the
hood at the details um you know there
are some very encouraging signs that
inflation um is is is moving back to
target. I think the again the concern
here is that the Fed uh that the Fed has
is that you know you have this tariff
related inflation that keeps it
persistent and you have inflation
expectations that are setting somewhat
higher um and that just keeps inflation
persistent and that's certainly their
the risk that they see and um you know
it's ultimately why they're they're
being more cautious.
>> Tiffany always got to catch up. Thank
you Tiffany Welding there of Pimco with
the latest on their assessment of where
we are. Neil data of REMAC pretty punchy
this morning. Talk about revealed
preferences. The hawks are getting
louder. the data does not support them.
He identifies some sources of
disinflation for you. Declines in used
car prices and renewed slowing in
housing rents. That's what he's pointing
out this morning.
>> Yeah. Which really speaks to what you
are seeing in certain pockets,
especially where there had been building
and particularly in the southwest in the
sunb belt. Um, at the same time, he
also, to your punchy side, comes out
with uh what San Francisco Fed President
Mary Daly had to say earlier this
morning, which he said that ultimately
it's premature to whether to say whether
they're going to cut or not cut in
December. He said it probably means that
December is kaput. No December means no
January. Bye-bye. So, there is this
feeling that if they don't cut next
month, it could mean a series of pauses.
is to the point that you made earlier.
>> Is this developing into a prolonged
pause at a time where certain segments
of this economy are really struggling? I
saw some data from Fitch Ratings
yesterday. I'm sure you saw the same
thing that the share of subprime
borrowers at least 60 days past due on
their auto loans has risen to a level we
haven't seen in data going back to 1994.
>> Yeah. Raising concerns yet again about
the consumer quality, the consumer
credit quality at the lower ends. That
said, you get five people who point to
the subprime auto loan story and speak
to the auto sector during the pandemic
and immediately thereafter. And then you
get 25 people pointing to the consumer
credit surveys conducted of Bank of
America and City Bank showing that
consumers are spending and are actually
repaying their credit card bills. So,
it's a tale of two consumers. It's a
tale of two different sectors. How do
you deal with this?
>> Then you've got tech investors just
pointing to earnings and saying, "Look
at markets. Alltime highs on the S&P 500
very close to those levels this morning,
pulling back just a touch. were down a
third of 1%. With an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief,
here's Vonnie Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. Starbucks baristas
are launching a wave of walkouts across
the country. More than a thousand
baristas chose to do this on Starbucks's
annual red cup day, known to draw large
crowds getting their reusable holiday
themed cups. The strikes will take place
in at least 40 cities and could expand
if there isn't progress towards
finalizing a union contract.
The International Energy Agency or IEA
has increased its estimates for a record
global oil surplus next year. The agency
expects that world oil supplies will
exceed demand in 2026 by just over 4
million barrels a day, saying global
balances are looking increasingly
lopsided due to rising oil supply and
relatively modest growth in demand.
For the first time in 168 years, the US
is officially retiring a coin. The US
stamped the final set of pennies at the
Philadelphia Mint on Wednesday, marking
an end of the production of the smallest
denomination of US currency. This all
after President Trump ordered its
discontinuation. Don't worry if you find
pennies lying around. It remains legal
tender. Currently over 300 billion
remain in circulation. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. Thank you very much.
Up next on the program, we'll set you up
for the day ahead. Plus will catch up
with Lisa Hornby of Schroers as markets
look for direction on the fence next
move from New York City. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
the breadth picture under the surface
for the S&P 500 is actually starting to
improve. So there's been a little bit of
closing of the gap between, you know,
the equal weighted index and then the
cap weighted index. It's a relatively
healthy sign. But what needs to happen I
think in the next you know four to 5
weeks is a pick up in what I think of as
sort of the holy grail metric for
breadth which is the share of companies
that are above their 200 day moving
average. If you continue to see that
climb as the index health improves then
I think that has you know gives you a
relatively solid setup for 26.
>> That was Kevin Gordon Schwab looking
ahead to 2026. The year ahead season is
just around the corner. What are we
about a week away you think going into
Thanksgiving?
>> The pace that we're going without data I
think that we're there. I think that
people are already just, you know,
nothing's gonna happen. I mean, at this
point, let's just go on vacation.
>> S&P 500 forecast just around a corner.
Equity futures on the S&P 500 look like
this. We're down by 0.3%. On the NASDAQ,
we're down by point4. On the Russell,
down by 6. In the bond market, a bit of
a lift developing here, particularly at
the front end of the curve and through
the belly. We're up by three or four
basis points now. Twos's out to 10. 10's
up to 41095. Twos's back through 360.
Fed hawks making some noise in the last
couple of days.
>> Yeah, Susan Collins in particular from
the Boston Fed, given the fact that she
is a voting member talking about how
inflation is really the pre-minent
concern. This is the battle and we're
going to hear on honestly all of the Fed
officials lining up on either side. It
is a soup right now. Not only because we
don't have data, but because it's very
hard to know whether to focus on the
near-term inflation targets, whether
you're looking at unemployment rates
that are still fairly low, or whether
you're looking at a seismic shift in
technology that's setting up for a very
different paradigm in the months to
come.
>> Tons of Fed speak still to come through
today and into the weekend. The lineup
looks like this today. A busy day of Fed
speak including Muslim and Qashqari. On
Friday, you'll get comments from
Schmidt, Logan, and Bostic. Looking
ahead to next week, attention really
shifts back to the earnings of the
consumer. Home Depot, Target, Walmart in
the mix. Nvidia dominant. Nvidia
earnings dropping Wednesday after the
close.
>> Can it confirm all of the optimism
around the AI transformation that
frankly is the trade and it's not just
in stock markets, but it's also
increasingly in the market of credit.
>> Let's turn to credit. Fixed income and
the Federal Reserve bond yields inching
higher this morning as traders look
ahead to the central bank's December
meeting. Lisa Hornby of Schroeders
writing, "We continue to believe that
persistent labor market softness and
mounting pressure on lower inome
households will keep the FOMC on track
for a December rate cut." Alisa joins us
now for more. Alisa, good morning.
>> Hi, how are you?
>> Is that becoming a closer call?
>> Um, it is and I actually think the Fed
is doing a pretty good job of keeping
that optionality. Right. Powell came
back out kind of after the after the
press conference saying it's not a done
deal. Don't don't think it is. Um but at
the end of the day our view is that the
data we have seen particularly some of
the layoff data has deteriorated and so
they probably will prioritize at least
for this meeting the labor market over
the inflation side of the equation.
>> Are we taking this meeting by meeting
just 25 at a time and work out where we
land?
>> I think we are and I think we should be
that's fair right the economy is it's
not bad. I mean growthwise I actually
think next year is going to be a kind of
a weird year where growth can actually
be okay but the labor market probably
continues to soften a little bit
possibly because of the reasons that
growth is okay the AI spend some of
these numbers that are coming out capex
it's possibly in contrast to to the
labor market but the Fed is going to
have to figure out which one what things
do they prioritize in this and you know
December I think they probably lean
towards the labor market next year
becomes a little bit more of a question
>> let's say the Fed does cut an additional
25 basis points next month and let's say
they signal they are open to doing more
next year. What are your clients going
to do with some of their money market
funds? Is that enough to kind of push
them out into say longer duration or
even into 50-year alphabet bonds? Well,
let's hold on the alphabet question for
a second, but I think that I think
that's the right call, right? There's
been a tremendous amount of money parked
in money markets. This has been a great
call. Um, I think some of that is going
to find its way into longer duration as
we continue to see yields fall. Um, or
you know, we have seen it and I think
we're already starting to see some of
that money shift. I think there's
probably more to come. I mean,
unfortunately, generally retail tends to
be a little bit late to that. So that we
may get the money in as we're reaching
the bottom of the Fed cutting cycle, but
um, I do think that probably will be
happening. So, let's talk about the
50-year Alphabet debt. Not necessarily
whether or not you bought it or anything
like that, but I am curious how much you
are seeing fund managers pushed into
greater risk in a way. They're looking
for the same kind of income. They're
looking for outperformance. AI is the
hot trade. How much do people almost
feel forced to absorb this incredible
glut of debt issuance?
>> So, okay. So, there's a lot of questions
in that question. I think one of them is
the market is shifting quite
dramatically in terms of tech and what
that means to the bond markets, right?
some of these issuers are now going are
forecasted to become the largest issuers
in the corporate index in the next few
years kind of surpassing um you know
that some of potentially surpassing some
of the the Verizons and the AT&Ts the
larger non bank issuers and so that's a
really structural and fundamental shift
that I think investors need to get their
heads around what does it mean you know
Meta's issued massive amounts of debt
just in the last six weeks their balance
sheet and theirru the structure of the
company in terms of how they fund is
changing dramatically so I think there's
a big question as to what does tech look
like in the corporate index in a year's
time versus what it was maybe 6 months
ago. I I think investors are looking at
that, but you know, there are other
opportunities out there that aren't I
wouldn't say aren't as crazy risky. You
know, look at tax exempt municipal
bonds. I think maybe last time I was on
the show, we might have talked about
them. They underperformed treasuries at
one point this year, six and a half
percentage points. This is not a crazy
risk trade. Are you saying that the
other is crazy risky? I'm saying that
you're you can buy local government debt
at pretty reasonable yields compared to
treasuries and actually have some alpha
generation potential there because they
have underperformed this year.
You know, Alphabet Google didn't exist
50 years ago. So, I'm just putting that
out there. I'm not saying it's not going
to exist in 50 years time, but there are
questions about that and and their
funding mechanism.
>> You keep alluding to it slowly and we'll
keep coming back to it. Are you worried
about corporate credit?
>> Spreads are tight. I think that there is
probably a repricing that's going on in
the tech sector and I think those curves
need to steepen. Um there are some
interesting issuers that are coming
today like pro possibly today actually
um
>> but I don't think we can paint them all
with the same broad brush
>> as they issue more. Does it make it a
higher quality index or a lower quality
index?
>> So we were just doing some work on this
yesterday. Um and I'll credit Morgan
Stanley. They are the ones who came up
with this stat. They said they think
that the top the big four hyperscalers
can probably issue 700 billion without
impacting their ratings. So you know I
have I don't have better insight than
them. These guys have been looking at
this very closely
>> over what period
>> uh I don't know what that if that was a
year or a couple
>> 700 billion with
the issuance will be they were just
saying that's what they think they
>> but ultimately that's a green light for
them to issue to borrow
>> and by the way cost of equity versus
cost of debt they might as well be
funding in the debt markets.
So I think there's a lot of issuance to
come. There's a lot of lot of data
centers to be built guys. A lot of lot
of demand for this stuff.
>> There are amazing numbers. Lisa, thank
you. Thank you very much. Lisa Hornby of
Schroeders, that's the green light to
borrow in the debt market, which is why
they're doing it.
>> I just wonder to Lisa Hornby's point,
and I think it's a really important one.
The index is fundamentally sh changing,
and the AT&T and Verizons of the world
were the harbingers of a complete cycle
that was very much one of boom and one
of bust. And I wonder how much that's
being appreciated in a market that's
absorbing this as investment grade
credit. Even if potentially it's getting
increasingly risky based on the changing
of the capital structure of these
companies,
>> these tech companies are changing. The
reasons they're issuing are changing
fundamentally they're different
companies looking out 5 years compared
to what they have been historically
>> looking out 50 years if you want to take
a look at Alphabet which
>> I just don't have that visibility.
>> I think that nobody does which I think
is part of the issue. But this really
raises a question. At what point do you
get real push back? And at some point
are fund managers being not forced to
take this on but deeply encouraged if
you have both the growth profile that's
being represented in the earnings calls
but also by rates that yes they are
relatively high versus the prepandemic
period but otherwise are they tight?
That's the real question.
>> Bond yields a little bit higher today up
by three or four basis points 41057 on
10. Coming up tomorrow, Francisco Blanch
of Bank of America, Sarah Bianke of
Everore, Daryl Kron of Ws Fargo,
Michelle Mer of Mastercard, live from
New York City this morning. Good morning
to all. Thank you for choosing Bloomberg
TV. This was Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Day four at the Neto ATP finals. Yanick
S became the first man to punch his
ticket into the semis with a
comprehensive win over twotime champion
Alexander Zerv. Sinner is looking to
successfully defend the title he won in
Cherin a year ago. Earlier, Felix Oair
Aliasin clinched a vital victory over
American Ben Shelton to keep his hopes
of advancing alive.
[Applause]